President's car is now turning on to Elm
Street and it will be only a matter of
minutes before he arrives at the
trademark.
It appears as though something has
happened in the motorcade route.
The JFK files were just released.
The National Archives released [music]
thousands of new pages of declassified
records related to President John F.
Kennedy's assassination.
80,000 pages of documents is a lot to
sit through.
Can you just tell us who killed Kennedy?
Who should be held culpable? Uh, I don't
want to point my finger at anyone in a
case like that.
Nous people running up the hill
alongside Elm Street.
Who were the There the two men [music]
on the grass? You know who were that?
This guy's like a radio man. He looks
like a Cuban. He's out of place and he's
sitting he's sitting right next to the
umbrella man.
There's Rip [music] Robertson.
Photographs of Rip Robertson who's the
field operations commander for the S
force.
Standing right there in Gilly Plaza. You
got Ed Lansdale.
Photographs of Lansdale sitting right
there and his wife identifying it. The
thing that I find to be so special about
what we now know is the relationship
that Oswald had with all these guys.
Back up, man.
I'm just a president.
All of this is a side product of
deception and duplicity.
And to think that he [music] was alone
taken completely by surprise by this
nonsense. It's nonsense, man. It was all
set up by the highest levels and they
got away with it for 62 years.
Uh, you know, the JFK files were just
released.
The National Archives a short time ago
released thousands of new pages of
declassified records related to
President John F. Kennedy's
assassination.
You have 80,000 documents that require a
lot of, you know, artificial
intelligence overlay, optical character
recognition to make any sense of. Even
then, I think very few people made any
sense of them. I think they left more
confused. There's a great great quote by
Brett Weinstein where it's like looking
through the JFK files is like looking
for a needle in the hay stack where the
needle is missing.
And even President Trump when he was
asked point blank who killed JFK after
the file drop he said we released the
files we did a historic thing or
whatever.
80,000 pages of documents is a lot to
sit through.
Can you just tell us who killed Kennedy?
Well, you know, I was uh given the task
of releasing that because many
presidents have gone through it and they
haven't released and I said release. We
even released social security numbers. I
didn't want anything deleted. They said,
"Sir, what about social security
number?"
But he kind of sidestepped the, you
know, point blank question is who should
be held culpable.
And and and I don't think anybody has a
good answer to that after that file
release. I'm here with Jeremy Riss,
alien scientist. Um, you've been making
epic videos for 20 years on not only
UFOs and aliens, but often the science,
the secret science behind all this stuff
along with sprinkle in some of your
favorite conspiracies. And uh it's uh I
can't wait to speak to you, man. We've
we've had some fun conversations. We
don't agree on everything, but
don't have to.
We don't have to. That's the point of
having conversations. And uh I'm excited
to have you, man. Thank you for being
here.
For sure, man. Thanks for having me.
It's great to finally be here.
Absolutely. All right. Well, there's so
many jumping off points. There were just
these JFK disclosures, right? Like what
80,000 do how many documents? Like
a whole bunch. And then there, you know,
how many how many things they didn't
write down? You know, you got to think
like you're planning to murder somebody.
You don't write stuff down and keep a
log and and a whole bunch of
incriminating evidence on yourself. So,
there's a lot of cool stuff in the
documents that have come out so far.
But, you know, really, you learn more uh
from talking to long-term assassination
researchers who have been
way more I feel like people come out
came out of this way more confused than
a lot of people did. Yeah. There's a lot
of the the media used it as an
opportunity to once again, you know,
hype up this uh idea that, oh, there's
nothing in the documents. There's
nothing new here. This is all just
conspiracy theories. You know, the
typical Operation Mockingbird mantras
and and whatnot. But uh yeah, the really
the JFK research community has cracked
this case and they've cracked it for you
know numer number of years. I mean Jim
Mars was one of the first with
Crossfire. That was the book that Oliver
Stones JFK was based on
and that really laid the foundation u
for a lot of the investigations that
followed. And there's been decades and
decades and tons of people have dug into
this from every possible angle. And now
it's it's just come out that you know
Priscilla McMillan who interviewed U Lee
when he went to Russia and also
befriended Marina Oswald and wrote her
autobiography for her. Um she's a CIA
agent. She's a witting CIA asset. And
that came out in one of the things that
was revealed in the documents, which
shows the level that they went through
to get ahead of the sources and the
story and be like, "All right, we're
going to we're going to put our people
in so that anyone getting information
about this from the sources has to go
through us basically." So,
I know you to be uh you know, as deep on
the topic as maybe anybody alive and you
have a very coherent narrative. So,
what do you think happened? Who who
killed JFK?
They actually the shot that was fired
from the null that killed him was was
Morales. Uh David Morales and and he was
called the Mexican. They're kind of
different nicknames they had for him,
but he was the crack shot uh out of the
team, the S force team that had been put
together to kill Fidel Castro. And it
was a triangular uh fire team uh plan,
you know, to have three gunmen crossfire
at a moving target. That was the plan.
That was the structure that they'd set
up. And that they trained down in Waka,
Mexico, you know, uh at the ranch of uh
of Clint Merchesen Jr. They trained them
up down there to do that, to kill not
not only uh Fidel Castro, but Raul
Castro and Cheay Gua and five other
commonantes they had on the list. So
this was the 5412 committee which was
run by Nixon under Eisenhower. He's
setting up these sort of covert
operations to take out Shavara and
Castro.
Yeah.
But then they get used in the
assassination of JFK. How how does that
occur? Well, well, what happened what
happened is that the the the the people
on the task force, the people that were
recruited to be on the the esforce to
kill Castro uh to in short, Castro and
Cheera and the others that they were
raid anti-communist
uh Cubanos that had fled from Cuba in
January of 1959 when Batista was
overthrown. And they all fled up to
Florida and camped out basically in
Miami and Tampa uh primarily. And they a
lot of them were mafia gunmen
that worked for Santos Trafocanti
who was the dawn of the mafia uh in
Havana and ran the gambling casinos, the
houses of prostitution, but most
importantly the heroin smuggling
that was coming in from Southeast Asia
because that was critical because the
portion of the profits from the heroin
sales that were going on through the
mafia run by Santos Trafocanti in the
Gambinos that they were running the the
heroin into the United States and a
portion of the profits that were being
skimmed off that sale were being used to
purchase military equipment and
explosives to to smuggle to the Kumang
in China.
Whoa.
So, this is pre-Iran Contra but the same
sort of architecture.
Oh yeah. Same thing. and in and that
they were and that's where they got the
idea to keep doing it, you know, so that
they they had the whole thing set up
where the the portion of the heroin
income was being used to purchase the
explosives and weapons. There was a
company set up uh with offices in Havana
and in Miami that was the sea supply
corporation they called it and on the
face of it is sea. Oh, it's a sea supply
corporation. Some kind of maritime
thing. It was a Southeast Asian
supply company
run by Paul Helwell, the full-time
central intelligence agency employee
running the operation. Uh
so he was getting the money to the
Gumentain.
He was getting he was actually using the
money from the heroin smuggling a
portion of it to purchase the weapons
and explosives here
and then they would fly them from here.
And that was that whole Terry and the
pirates thing, what they call flying the
hump that they they had this whole
operation that a fellow named William D.
Paulie uh was it worked for apprentice
aviation and they were providing the
airplanes and they were smuggling them
in and flying them into China. Uh so
there was a and you know uh Clare Booth
Loose was involved in it. Uh
Henry Loose's wife.
That's right. And it was in Dallas
was involved. They were all involved in
that. That's what they called the China
lobby. That was that whole group that
right from way back
had figured that they were planning to
really turn the the development
operations of their economic investments
into Asia
and and Henry Loose then starts Life and
Time magazine which publishes the
Zaprruder film with the missing frames
of the JFK assassination. That's right.
So that's a very interesting connection
as well
which and as I as you know I mean I know
the guy that got the film Dick Billings.
Yeah. Dick Billings and knew all about
how they they brought it to Rochester
and doctorred it. He he sat and told me
about the whole thing.
That's wild. So, he talks about them
doctoring the film and and taking
certain frames out and stuff. And did
the frames involve David Morales and the
other? It just it it uh it made it clear
that he was being he was shot from the
front. Okay. You could tell from that
thing so that they reversed the actual
uh frames of the of the film. And then
the guy who led out the Zapruder film is
a guy named Charles Douglas Jackson who
was uh basically ran psychological
warfare for the United States. He was uh
in the psychological strategy board with
Gordon Gray and some of these other guys
and um he led out the Zapr film and life
magazine which he was involved with but
with missing frames. And so
and that was a big thing. And the other
guy that ran the psychological warfare
program for JM Wave station was George
Joeites. And and it recently came out
that, you know, these files proved that
he lied about his involvement with the
program because they asked him who ran
the program. He said, "I don't know.
I'll have to look and check for you."
And he never got back. They never got
back to that question. Never resolved
that. Well, he's the one that ran the
program. How do you not know who ran the
program? You ran the program. And he
lied about it to Congress and in front
of and the whole entire of America. So,
that one that one came out. That was a
that was a huge one. Annslinger too that
uh not Annsinger um Angleton, James
Jesus Angleton
and uh he was running this whole um
spying program, the mail intercept
program and this guy Ruben Efron was in
charge of that
and um Ruben Efron is in the in the
files and they ask him about do you know
Ruben Efron and he says no that's a lie.
You hired Ruben Efron and he ran the the
spy program for you that was reading Lee
Harvey Oswald's mail a and and and
spying on this dude for years because he
had a 2011 file into the CIA since 1959.
So they were they have a massive file on
Lee Harvey Oswald following all his
actions. And to think that he was a lone
nut and that we didn't know we had no
idea and we were taken completely by
surprise by this nonsense. It's
nonsense, man. It was all set up by the
highest levels and they got away with it
for 60 62 years.
But it's it's I don't want it to be too
confusing to everybody. It's it's easier
kind of having in a chronological
structure to understand how this thing
happened because it's a that the entire
operation was set up way back in 1960.
Mhm.
You know, when uh when uh when when
Fidel Castro and Chiga and the guys
overthrew Batista and drove them out in
January of 1959, Richard Nixon as the
vice president under Eisenhower and the
chair of the 5412 committee, the
supervised covert operations, he sent
all kinds of communications to Fidel
Castro saying, "Look, you are are fine.
You've overthrown Batista, okay? It's a
deal. what we want to do is make sure
you don't have any diplomatic relations
with China or Russia.
You can't have," and he said, "you can't
have any kind of relations with him at
all." And Fidel Castro said, "Screw you.
Who do you think you're talking to
here?" You know, uh, and, you know, they
they, you know, waved the old Monroe
Doctrine flag at him and so which he
didn't give a crap about, you know, and
and so Nixon got really poed with him.
And so he then set up this covert
operation, which was called originally
operation 40.
Mhm. Okay. And then he recruited,
naturally enough, he recruited a whole
bunch of uh a whole bunch of Batista
supporters uh who supported the fascist
authoritarian regime down there uh and
worked directly with Santos Trafocanti
because Santos Trafocanti was the
business partner of Batista
and Paul
Helwell
in running the heroine operations and
and it was just a means of covert
funding for the operations to oppose
China to oppose Maong. Mhm.
This is amazing.
Yeah. And and they didn't they didn't
want to tell Congress about it at all
because they didn't think they could
muster enough support from Congress to
actually support covert operations
against Mount Zong. So, they did it
totally covertly. They the CIA set up
this entire operation to be supporting
uh Chiang Kaishek uh in the so-called
nationalist forces. And the chief of
security for for Chiang Kai-shek was the
head of the green gang, the major heroin
operation in in China.
No way.
Oh yeah.
Whoa. Yeah.
That is wild.
Yeah.
Okay. So in 5960
time frame, you have the 5412 commission
and committee rather. You have of which
Nixon is ahead and he's sort of, you
know, running kind of national security.
He uh partners with uh mafia dons like
Trafocante.
Well, actually actually he avoided that
one by one step. What he did is
recruited Howard Hughes. Yeah.
He called Howard Hughes because Howard
Hughes was a consultant to the 5412
committee. He would he had designed the
Spruce Goose, which became the prototype
for the C5A cargo plane that could fly,
you know, major covert operations in and
equipment and stuff. Uh, and he also he
also designed the Glomar Explorer. Uh,
that ship that could pick up Russian
submarines off the bottom of the ocean
and stuff if they fell through. And a
couple other extraordinarily sensitive
programs that he was working on.
Like what?
Yeah, I can't tell you. I can't tell you
that uh because of the way I know.
You've said this before to me about
Howard used and then I always go is it
the UFO stuff? You go no
no no it wasn't that. It was another
what what else could be the so
sensitive? Is it like time travel or
something?
No, no, no, no. Nothing esoteric like
that.
You're a man of the people, Danny. We
need to know.
Yeah.
As evidenced by Tim Dylan's recent and
masterful interview with CNN, legacy
media can be a bit problematic. It's
more sensationalist and divided than
ever. They ask leading questions,
brainwashed by their social muse. And
that's why people are flocking to
podcasts. But podcasts have their own
limits. They're often 3 hours long.
They're not super efficient. They aren't
always factchecked. They're sort of a
hybrid of entertainment and news. So,
how do I stay informed amidst this
backdrop? I started using my new
favorite service, Ground News, a tool
designed for both skeptics and truth
seekers like many in this community.
Ground News is an app and website
created by a former NASA engineer to
tackle a problem we all face. How
distorted the information is that we
consume every day in the modern
post-truth era. Ground News gathers
coverage from over 50,000 sources
worldwide, organizes the stories by
topic, and even breaks down the bias and
ownership behind each perspective so you
know what you're getting. With features
like the bias bar and factuality score,
it's easy to see how different outlets
frame and spin the same story. When you
eat certain foods, you want to see the
ingredients list. This is the same
thing, but for content and news. For
example, when I was researching those
mysterious drone sightings in New Jersey
in December, Ground News gave me instant
access to over 200 articles, helping me
uncover every angle from the facts to
the spin. Spoiler alert, I don't think
they were just FAA approved research
drones. So, if you're tired of echo
chambers and one-sided narratives,
ground news is your ultimate tool for
staying informed and making better
decisions. You can follow your favorite
topics and compare coverage to find the
most credible sources. And for a limited
time, you can get the same plan I use
every day for nearly half the price.
Just go to ground.news/jesse,
michaelels with no a or scan this QR
code to save 40% on their unlimited
access Vantage plan. Or gift it to
someone you know and have more informed
discussions and hopefully chill out
about those drones. I only promote
brands I vet and I think you'll find
them just as valuable as I do. Ground
news. The truth is out there. You just
need the right tools to find it.
It's it's one of those it's one of those
kind of things that one of the very rare
things that uh I I tend to agree that it
would be
good to tell people about it.
Sure.
You know, uh it would generate all kinds
of damage and it wouldn't really benefit
anybody.
Got it. Uh it was the bottom line is but
because of that he trusted uh Hughes and
so he contacts him using the the the red
phone this the secure phone which he had
from the 5412 committee communications
called Howard Hughes
and and Trafocanti told us all this.
This all came directly from Trafocanti
about how the whole thing happened. Uh
and actually told us that the the day on
which uh Richard Nixon called on the
phone Howard Hughes was the day after uh
Nelson Rockefeller
withdrew from the 1960 Republican
presidential primary race.
Wow.
Against Nixon.
Uh because as soon as he withdrew, Nixon
knew he was going to be the nominee for
the Republican party. in 1960 and he was
sure he was going to win, right? So he
then he then took upon himself the
authority basically of the incoming
president to contact Hughes and ask him
to put together an assassination.
What's the why did Rockefeller step down
right then? I don't I don't quite
He just withdrew. He he withdrew from
the primary race for the
Was that a coincidence or
No. No. is. But what it did is it it it
freed up uh Nixon to realize he was
going to be the nominee for the
Republican party. And so he was
therefore confident he was getting ready
to be president. And so he started
exercising the kind of a power that a
president might do. And so he took onto
himself this kind of authority to
actually reach out and and have Howard
Hughes set up an assassination team.
Said, "But you got to keep it completely
away from the White House. So you can't
you just got to do it yourself." M
and so what Howard Hughes did is sent
for one of his lawyers that he had Bob
Mayhew
and had Mayhew he assigned Mayhew say
here's the job the president kept they
started referring to him as a president
in their communications traffic said so
oh my god they kept referring to him as
a president they kept referring to him
as the president know he was the VP yeah
they said you know that he wants he
wants this done he wants to keep it away
from the white house and so so Bob
Mayhew went to see because you know
Howard Hughes was in Las Vegas he was
hanging out at the Okay. Whether it was
the whether it was the flamingo or the
or the sands, one of the two. But
anyway, he was up in the big penthouse
there and it was one of the mob hotels,
right? And so he knew that they were
there. And so Bob Mayhew went to see
Johnny Roselli, who was the bagman, you
know, for for uh uh the the mafia skim
the skimming the cash off those casinos
to be used, right? And so his principal,
the guy in charge of him was Sam
Gianana. out of Chicago. And so when Bob
Mayu went to Johnny Roselli and said,
"Look, you guys have your own reason for
wanting to get rid of this Castro dude,
you know, shut down all your casinos,
shut down your horouses." He said, uh,
and very importantly, they've cut off
the whole heroin supply.
Okay? Uh, and so that you got your own
reasons for wanting to get rid of him.
So, you know, that the that Nixon is
assuming that you'll do this for us. And
so, uh, Johnny Roselli said, "Well, you
know, I I don't have the authority to
make a decision like that. We're going
to have to talk to Sam Gianana."
Uh, and so they went together, you know,
Johnny Roselli and and Bob Mayhew went
to Chicago and met with uh with Sam
Gianana uh and pitched the proposal to
him. And Sam Gianana realized that, you
know, doing a favor like this with the
president
was going to get them a lot of potential
goodwill, right? Uh and so and get and
keep them keep the feds off their back.
So he was agreeing in principle to do
it. He said, "But you know, but this
isn't up to me. That's Santos
Trafocanti's territory. That's down in
Havana. He's the Bob boss in Havana.
He's even though he's up in Tampa now
cuz he he left Cuba. They said, "So we
have to go talk to him." So they they
went down they went down to see him. Now
they were down there about September or
so. This all started around June around
June 7th. Mhm.
It was when was when uh Rockefeller
withdrew
June 7th of 1960. So between then it was
now early September
Johnny Roselli, Bob Mayhew uh and and
Sam Gianana went down to to Florida to
and at the Fontan Blue Hotel
uh met with uh met with Trafocanti and
they had two set two meetings uh in
which finally Trafocanti tells us that
he said you know I agreed in principle
to do this. He said, "But I I wanted to
make sure that, you know, he said it
wasn't some kind of brain fart." He
said, "You know, on the part of uh of
Bob Mayhew or even Howard Hughes wanted
to make certain that this was coming
from the president." That's what he
that's how he termed it. He said, and so
that they had a third meeting uh and a
guy another guy comes to the meeting at
the at the Font Blue Hotel using the
gnome to gear, Mr. Ed. Uh and it was
Sheffield Edwards
who was the chief of security of the
Central Intelligence Agency under uh
under Dulles.
Okay. Uh and under the Eisenhower Bush
administration. But so he comes to the
meeting and and gives them the green
light
to go ahead and do this. Uh and so
that's so what Sam what uh Trafocanti
did is he recruited guys from his people
that were from Havana. these gunmen that
he had down there uh that were enforcers
who had fled with him to to Florida in
January of 59 and had had gotten
recruited by by Richard Nixon and the
CIA to run covert operations against
Cuba because when when Fidel Castro just
finally thumbmed his nose at at uh at
Nixon and said, you know, screw you. I'm
I'm going to have relations with anybody
I want. So, I'll have diplomatic
relations with Russia and China, you
know, therefore quote violating the
Monroe Doctrine,
you know, of allowing a foreign power to
start having influence inside our
hemisphere, you know, or our zone of
influence. Uh and so so what happened is
Richard Nixon had mounted this covert
operation and he'd recruited all of
these people that were Travocanti gunmen
in in mobsters basically but virulent
anti-communists
you know and were all into in around
Miami. They had the 25506 brigade. They
had Alpha 66. There were a bunch of
these kind of uh well, it's unfair to
call them covens, but I mean, but they
were they were these uh these uh gangs
like that were there that were engaged
in covert operations. And so they
thought that they were kind of invested
with kind of a certain kind of authority
on the part of the federal government
because they're paid by the CIA
to do this. And they set up these these
bases. They set one up on Noame Key.
They set one up on Swan Island. They put
one in the Everglades. Then they had two
of them at Lake Pont Train over in
Louisiana. One on the southern uh coast
of the of Lake Pon Train, one on the
northern coast. And they set up these
these paramilitary bases in these
rapidly anti-communist pro-batista,
you know, Trafocanti
gunmen. A lot of them, you know, were
covert operators working under the opice
of the CIA to run these covert
operations. So Trafocani says, "Okay,
Nixon wants me to put together this
assassination team. I'm going to take my
people
who are working with the CIA,
but in a completely different capacity
just to run covert operations. What I'm
going to do is recruit 15 of them.
Uh I'll handpick them and we'll put them
into this special S force they call it."
And uh that's what they did. And they
would send private planes to go pick
them up, you know, at these five
different paramilitary bases. They would
pick up a couple of the guys at each one
and they would fly them to Fort Wuka in
Arizona. Uh and big electronic uh
surveillance operations that they've got
going there, Fort Wuka. Uh, and so
they'd bring them there and then they
would sign in and then they would just
disappear
off the records and then they were flown
down to Waka, Mexico to the ranch of
Clint Merchesen Jr., very wealthy uh ski
of the this uh oil fortune uh down there
who his father his father owned the
Dallas Texans
football team, you know, Cowboys.
Yeah. Well, later Cowboys. It was Texans
at the time. Okay. Interesting. That's
that's who they were and you know horse
racing and rich people and something and
so they had this big ranch down in Waka.
So they set up a triangular fire team
base down there to to practice shooting
a moving target from three different
locations to get a triangular crossfire
onto the site uh onto the target uh and
they were training them and Carl Jenkins
was uh was brought in uh from the CIA to
train them on this under ZR rifle. It
was the code name for the program, but
they this was a whole separate thing and
it was not even known to many people at
all that this was going on because they
were trying to keep it away from the
White House.
So that operation is going on and the
way they funded it was from the skim of
money off the casinos.
Uh and they would skim the money off the
casinos. They would uh put the the cash
into these brand new big expensive
suitcases and put them in the trunk of
brand new Cadillac automobiles and they
would drive them and I know the guy that
sold them the the Cadillacs cuz he had
the big dealership there.
Wow.
In Vegas anyway. And anyway, then I
interviewed him at length about it, you
know. And so that they drive the cars uh
through uh New Orleans uh in Marcelo was
there and they did the audit on all the
all the money to keep track of how much
money they were moving and then they
would repack it and they would drive
them into Florida,
deposit it in the Miami National Bank of
Myeransky.
Uh and then they would wire a portion of
the money down into the Banko
International uh down in Mexico City. uh
and they put it into this account by uh
this lawyer by name of Vulgario had the
account down in the bank uh and then
they would pay the costs for the whole
triangular fire team training base down
in in Moaka and and that's the
So how do you go from this systematic
drug covert operation that ultimately is
in support of the resistance in China
the Guing and the you know uh Chiang
Kai-shek how do you go from at um and
then this plan initially to take out you
know Shabbar and Castro who are you know
uh impinging upon the Monroe doctrine to
killing JFK sitting president.
What what happened is that that that
whole operation was going when suddenly
Richard Nixon didn't get elected.
John F. Kennedy of the state of
Massachusetts has received for president
of the United States 303 votes. Richard
M. Nixon of the state of California has
received 219 votes. This is the first
time in 100 years that a candidate for
the presidency
announced the results of an election
in which he was defeated and announced
the victory of his opponent. All of you
work in a cause that is bigger than any
man's ambition,
greater than any party.
It is the cause of freedom, of justice,
and peace for all mankind.
And it is in that spirit that I now
declare that John F. Kennedy has been
elected president of the United States
and Lyndon Johnson, vice president of
the United States.
Uh, and Kennedy comes in, uh, and they
they brief Kennedy now about the Bay of
Pigs plan that they had going, but they
didn't tell him about the assassination
team at all.
Hey guys, I want to tell you about my
new favorite piece of apparel. These are
called the perfect jeans. They're
literally the perfect jeans. I used to
wear jeans all the time and they're kind
of rough and not super stretchy or
breathable. These are extremely
comfortable. They work in casual
environments. They work in work
settings. They come in six different
sizes from 26 in to 50 in. And they're
all around just amazing. For a limited
time, our listeners get 15% off your
first order. Plus, free shipping at the
perfect gene.nyc.
Again, that's the perfect gene.nyc
or just Google the perfect gene. Use
code jesse15 for that 15% off. Again,
that's code jesse15.
That's 15% off for new customers at the
perfect gene.nyc.
After purchase, they'll ask where you
heard about them. Please support our
show and tell them that we sent you.
[__] your khakis. Get the perfect jean.
And so they lure him into the to
allowing the the invasion to go on, the
attempted invasion at the Bay of Pigs.
But he tells them right from the very
beginning that he won't provide air
cover. He won't provide any air cover
and he won't he won't provide any kind
of US military intervention. You know,
they wanted to be able to land on the
beach and basically raise the flag of
free of free Cuba and then ask for US
intervention and do it the oldfashioned
way. Yeah. You know, just send in a
paramilitary operation. And Kennedy
wouldn't do it. Uh and they said, "Oh,"
he said, "look at if you're telling me
that the people of Cuba want to rise up
against Castro because they're so
unhappy with him. Yeah. If they land on
the beach and they raise the flag of a
free Cuba, if the people all rally and
and toss out Castro, good. If you're
telling me the truth that they're going
to do it, you go ahead and do it."
Yeah. And [clears throat] what happened
is they had two or three, you know,
B-25s or these old bomber planes that
were down in Nicaragua actually uh that
uh that uh uh the uh Samosa
Anastasio Samosa was uh was supporting
them in doing this, you know, was this
kind of right-wing
fascist dude. And so the bottom line is
that they were going to provide their
own air cover for this. And what
happened is they were in a different
time zone.
Mhm. And so they got there an hour late
after the landing. Uh and the guys had
been knifed whacked already. They sank
their ammunition boat and everything,
you know. Uh so they were trapped on the
beach and they all got arrested and uh
and the whole thing fell through.
Wednesday, April 19th, resistance ends.
All those who are not killed are taken
prison.
Uh and then then Kennedy took
responsibility for it. And this is where
the thing starts. Kennedy took
responsibility for it. Uh, and the the
Cubano guys that got all arrested were
upset at him for refusing not only to
provide air support, but they had, you
know, that uh in in fact uh uh General
Curtis Lameé
and other folks in the joint chiefs had
actually moved US military forces into
place. They they put naval ships with
Marines in them. you know, sta staged
them contrary to the orders of the
president, you know, ordered in the
Marines.
There was so much at the time that
Curtis Lame felt the liberty to to do by
himself. Like he he put apparently, I
didn't even know this during the Cuban
missile crisis later, obviously, he put
uh us into Defcon 2 without the
president's permission.
He did.
It's crazy. He did uh and and launched
the U2 ordered the U2 to fly over Russia
to do the final retargeting which was
and and did it at a low altitude that he
knew the Russians would pick it up to
send them the signals. He was trying to
go them into trying to initiate a
nuclear war, you know. So the the bottom
line is that all that was going on at
this time and what happened is Kennedy
took responsibility for it uh of the the
snafu uh and what he did is he
apologized to Kruef. Mhm.
for having allowed that thing to go down
and gave him gave Cruchef Kennedy did
his solemn promise that he would cease
and desist from efforts to to undermine
the government in in Cuba. Uh and he
went down to Cuba. He went down to Miami
at the Orange Bowl actually and
convened, you know, a whole meeting of
all these kind of right-wing Cubano
refugees that had fled from there in the
whole stadium. and he apologized to them
all in person and said that he gave them
his personal guarantee that the free
flag of Cuba would be flying over the
island by the end of his second term.
And he said that to them,
I can assure you
that this flag
will be returned to this brigade in a
free event.
They said, "Okay, that we we got you."
And then he turned around and had lied
to to to uh to uh Kruef and actually
converted operation 40 into operation
mongoose. It's all it did. It set up the
big operation on the uh Miami University
of Miami campus called JM Wave. This
great big gigantic airplane set of
hangers and they had all the operations
going on there. It was a full-scale war
operation going on against Cuba. And so
he continued doing that. And so so uh
cruise shaft said screw you then and
started moving missiles in and and so
all all this was happening all right in
that first that first period from 1961.
He's elected in November of 1960 comes
into office in January of 1961. You know
he does all this apologizing and stuff
uh because it was in April of ' 61 that
the the Bay of Pigs thing came down. Uh,
and so he apologizes, but he's totally
pissed off, you know, at the CIA for
bungling this whole operation. Uh, and
the the days of Alan Dulles were
numbered.
Mhm.
And so he waited all the way till the
fall, September, October, you know, of
uh of 60 61
uh and then pushed Dulles out.
But Dulles didn't leave.
He didn't leave Washington. He had his
whole setup over in Georgetown in his
his big brownstone over there
and all the guys from the CIA were going
over to meet with him like every day.
He had like a social club, wasn't it
called the Georgetown set? Do you know
what I'm talking about?
Yeah, I they they Georgetown's a very We
won't get too far. It's a very
interesting place, you know, with every
administration. You've got these very
wealthy uh social
brownstone.
I've been in a bunch of them. Yeah.
You know, and and again recently, the
new administration has got people over
there.
Yeah. Yeah.
I remember being in Michael Pillsbury's
house, which I think was JFK's old
house.
Yeah.
In uh Georgetown. Yeah.
And uh just being like, "This is
amazing. So cool." I mean, he's the been
a kind of lead China expert in every
administration since Nixon. Yeah.
And uh
it's a very elite group over there. So,
so the bottom line is that that that
that so the whole operation shifts over
to Operation Mongoose being run out of
JM Wave uh and and and cruise chef
starts sending the missiles in to Cuba.
Uh and then they discover that the
missiles in there. The whole Cuban
missile crisis comes down, right? Within
the past week, unmistakable evidence has
established the fact that a series of
offensive missile sites is now in
preparation on that imprisoned island
goes all the way through uh into the
into late October, right? And then this
this bizarre thing happens with the UFO,
right? uh that uh that and and we'll
just set that aside for a moment because
because it's it's a very kind of
comparatively new piece of information.
But the bottom line is that by the time
they get to October 26th, the night of
October 26th, they come to within like 2
minutes
uh this whole thing with with uh with uh
uh
uh General Curtis Lame trying to
instigate an actual nuclear exchange
with Russia
saying that look the the most the the
Russia if they launch nuclear missiles
against us the most they'll kill maybe
40 million people,
you know, but we'll wipe them all out
and we'll get rid of that entire
scourge. of communism coming out of
Russia uh and then we'll win
because we've only lost 40 million
people uh and we'll have eliminated
Russia as a as a threat. And that was
his whole thinking, right? Uh and and
the bottom line is Kennedy is so
completely horrified at what how close
they came to the nuclear war. This is
where it starts now. And what happened
is he reached back out to to Kruef.
Mhm.
Said, "Okay, you're right. I lied to
you. You know, we we you're right. We
kept on doing the operation mongoose,
you know, but you shouldn't have put the
missiles in there. Uh we're going to
make a deal, you know, that I'll take
the missiles out of Turkey. You take the
missiles out of here. Uh and he ordered
the all of those those uh bases, those
paramilitary bases to cease and desist
from any further operations. But but he
didn't know about the assassination team
that had been deployed that uh but he
ordered this shutting down of all the
bases. And what happens is in December
December of uh of 1962,
uh Frank Sturgis,
who is the CIA leazison to the Kubano uh
guys, uh out on uh Noame Key,
uh uh he he decides he's going to even
after getting the orders from the
president that they're all to stand down
and to discontin continue their
operations. He in complete defiance with
the with the Cubans launches an assault
into Cuba and sinks a Russian ship.
Whoa. Which like nobody knows about, you
know, that anymore. But they they sank a
Russian ship.
When was this?
This December of 1962.
Wow.
Uh sinks a Russian ship.
Kennedy freaks out over the fact that,
you know, he'd already lied to to Kruev
once and he couldn't stand for doing it
again. you know, the whole thing would
fall apart. And so what he does is he he
sends in he and Bobby, who's the
attorney general, uh they send in six
helicopter gunships uh with US marshals
sends because he couldn't trust FBI
because of [snorts] Hoover. And so he he
sends in US marshals and they burn out
the base uh at uh at Noame Keep and
arrest all those guys including Sturgis
and charge them with a violation of the
neutrality act mounting military
operations against a country with whom
we have diplomatic relations. Right. Uh
and hold them for almost a week and then
let him go.
Mhm.
Okay. But it's kind of shot across the
bow. The president's serious. They gze
in on it. You know, you're not going to
do this anymore. Then a second group,
the ones in the Everglades,
the under the leazison of E Howard Hunt.
Mhm.
Start planning another attack into Cuba
in complete defiance of the president
even after the what they had done over
on on the name key. And so Bobby and
John send in the same six helicopter
gunships and burn them out too and
arrest them and charge them with the
Neutrality Act violations. uh and the
heads of the the 50 the the uh the 25506
brigade in Alpha 66 resolve they're
going to kill these guys. They're going
to kill John and Bobby who are complete
traitors that they've lied to them. They
came he came down and promised they were
going to going to support them and
overthrowing the government. Now they're
chickening out and they're they're they
want to kill him. uh but they know that
they can't get away with it, you know,
but they've got the S force that's
capable of doing something like that.
So, they're all kind of, you know, just
pawing away like a charging bull wanting
to get at the president and kill him and
the attorney general both, you know, and
uh but they can't get away with this.
And so what happens is Kennedy turns out
starts secretly, this is the key to this
thing. He starts secretly exchanging
letters with with Kruef uh through
Norman Cousins. Uh this guy is running
letter 18 different letters back and
forth off completely off channel. No no
State Department oversight, no CIA
coverage, anything.
Completely secret communications. Uh and
in those letters, they're deciding that
they're both so totally traumatized by
what happened uh and how their military
forces can get out of control and the
the nuclear weapons that threat the
total annihilation of our whole human
species. So they can't let this happen.
So what they do is they start discussing
how they're going to order each of them
is going to exercise their respective
executive authority to start ordering
the disassembly of the nuclear warheads
in their respective arsenals and destroy
them.
Mhm.
Not just take them and put them on a
shelf somewhere where they can just
screw them back on in another week or
so, you know, but destroy them. And they
they reached this agreement in
principle.
So he was JFK was really going for it.
He was trying to denuclearize entirely.
Totally going for it.
And there's a there's this book um I
think called Mary's Mosaic.
Oh yeah.
About you know Mary Pinchin.
Yeah. Mary Pinchin who is the wife of uh
Cord Meer. Meer
Cord Meyer you know World War II veteran
who I believe came back with a I think
an eye patch and uh you know he turned
him into a pacifist and then he sort of
got in with the Dulles Allan Dulles kind
of intel cabal. Yeah. and became this
kind of wararmonger who I think believe
later was in charge of operation
mockingb bird so like incepting kind of
journalism world with with intel assets.
Yeah.
Um but also
uh was became this kind kind of
bloodthirsty guy and so his uh wife uh
Mary
married Mary Vision Meyer she was
murdered. She was an artist and she was
kind of a little more kind of spiritual
hippie- dippy
and she
LSD stuff
L. So yeah, so she had an affair with
JFK
but more even more than that. I mean it
was it was a prolonged
ongoing
relationship. She she became in a
certain sense his actual sort of
mistress
and they did LSD together.
Yes.
And I provided by provided by Tim Liry.
That's wild. Provided by Timothy Larry.
Timothy provided it to him. I know the
guy that that knows. Of course you did.
Um, yeah. Okay. Um, are you still
lugging around one of those bulky worn
out wallets?
You know, I am.
Your posture is not great due to that
wallet.
Yes.
Are you aware of that?
I'm I'm currently now more self-aware of
my posture.
It might be time for an upgrade.
Oh, what do you suggest?
My personal suggestion is Ridge Wallet.
Look at this sleek design. Do you see
it?
Oh, wow. So sleek. Yeah, pretty sleek.
Uh-huh. This thing holds up to 12 cards
plus cash.
All in a slim, durable, and stylish
package, too.
You took the words right out of my
mouth.
Ridge wallets feature RFID blocking
technology, so digital pickpockets won't
stand a chance. Plus, with their Air Tag
attachment, you'll never lose your
wallet again.
Where'd it go?
I lost my wallet. [laughter]
Uh uh I was just checking my Air Tag.
Easy.
Brilliant.
Yeah. I was recently in the Colorado
mountains and if I had lost my Ridge
wallet, I would have no problem tracking
it down, even in the Rockies. Right now,
Ridge is having their once a year
anniversary sale. So, get up to 40% off
at ridge.com/cosmic.
Just head to ridge.com/cosmic
to see their biggest sale of the year.
After you purchase, they will ask about
where you heard about them. Where did
they hear about Ridge Wallet, Chris?
Um, they heard it here first on American
Alchemy.
Yeah.
Please support our show and tell them
our show sent you. Upgrade your wallet.
Thank me later.
And then I think they do LSD together,
JFK and Mary Meyer. And and this is sort
of rumor mill stuff. So I'm curious to
get your take after that. JFK because
she has this mission of like I need to
like stop these guy like her her husband
Gordon Meyer and all of his associates
are gonna like blow up the world. Yeah.
And she is like we need to reign these
guys in. And she does LSD with JFK. And
then JFK
kind of he was already more pacifist
than them. But he he he becomes more
hardcore like we really need to kind of
denuclearize.
He saw the light,
you know, and he he went through this
metaninoia as we refer to it. this
metaninoia experience about how
incredible this was, you know, and and
how extraordinarily
outrageous, you know, uh, uh, Curtis
Lameé and the joint chiefs have been,
you know, and they'd already proposed to
him this Operation Northwoods, you know,
of, oh, okay, because they were so
desperate wanting to get Castro out of
there that they were so dedicated in
their mission to preserve US complete
domination and control of the whole
Western Hemisphere that they viewed this
as an absolute horrible affront. to have
these guys in Cuba. So they were just
desperate to get the island overthrown.
Uh so they kept trying everything to do
it. So, so the bottom line is when
Kennedy is is exchanging these letters
and very important the thing that people
don't know about is that uh that uh
Cruchef recommended that in order to
verify that they were both complying
with the actual not only the disassembly
but the destruction of the nuclear
warheads is that they were going to have
Pope John the 23rd
broker the whole deal
and oversee the whole process.
No way. That's all true.
Are you serious?
That's absolutely right.
Kruev wrote about this in his letters
back. No,
they were Yes, they did it in the
letters of going and these letters.
Have you seen these letters?
No, but I know what the content of. How
do you know from Jesuit headquarters
because of because of John John Paul the
23rd or John the 23rd was going to be
the broker? But he dies.
I need to get in with the Jesuits,
Danny. I don't know. [laughter]
Right. Right. You know, but but but he
dies. He dies in early June. So they
were working on trying to get this done.
So he dies in early June. And what
Kennedy decides is that in order to to
make up for the massive dysfunding of
the whole nuclear weapons programs in
both countries that in order to have a
massive economic stimulus to replace
that that he wants to and he proposes to
to Gorbachev that uh or to Kruef that
that they have a joint Soviet US space
program that they completely combine
their forces and they they overcome the
the whole threat of the the Cold War and
that they joined forces in going into
outer space together and he on June 5th
of 1962
or 63 rather now of 1963 what he does is
he contacts McCone the new CIA director
because he'd already forced into
retirement Dulles and he says he wants
to get fully briefed in on the UFO
stuff. Now this is this becomes
important because I didn't know and when
I knew found out all that stuff I didn't
know about this other thing.
Yeah. The Harold Mgrren stuff.
Yeah that's right.
Yeah. So yeah he he asked to get briefed
about uh you know UFOs and wants to know
more and and this is really an important
fact. John McCone before he became
director of CIA after Dulles departed
was also the uh lead of the atomic
energy commission. He ran the atomic
energy commission. So he definitely
would
have been privy to all of the secrets
when it came to UFOs given the nuclear
connection.
And so he's asking for that and then I
can I can give you the little Malgrren
piece which is
so Malgrren Harold Malgrren was
presidential adviser for JFK. He was the
youngest of presidential adviserss. He
was one of McNamera's whiz kids
and McNamera's you know secretary of
defense at the time. Malmrren is 27
years old and he's in the situation room
around the Cuban missile crisis.
And at that same time, the Cuban missile
crisis, Magnamera had put him in charge
of cost assessments for these new
X-raybased missile defense systems. And
so they're doing these tests in the
Marshall Islands, specifically at
Johnston Atoll.
And you have this these test series
called um you know uh Starfish Prime
tests. And uh one of the tests is is the
Bluegill series. And this is this kind
of X-ray projection in the nose cone of
these ICBMs meant to take out incoming
nuclear warheads which we didn't have
great nuclear defense at the time. Yeah.
Right.
And so this was this really exciting
experimental thing. And the Rand
Corporation had a paper on it actually
earlier.
And so Harold is in charge of doing all
the cost assessing for this. and uh he
catches wind that in this test a UFO
gets knocked out of the comes out of the
plume of the nuclear blast
and he freaks out and he says well I
need to know about this and they used to
call them tagalongs at the time because
they were so kind of you know immune to
or was so casual
and you know cold war kind of intensity
was so uh you know I don't know it kind
of uh
just made them think it was just yeah
[clears throat] like normal thing that
you have a UFO coming out of the plume
and he said I need to know I have like
all I have blinket Q clearances and um
they said no you don't you know this is
office of naval intelligence and atomic
energy commission stuff or whatever and
um
so they say okay you can know but you
have to you have to come to you know
Sandia uh complex Kirtland Air Force
Base Sandia um where Lawrence Preston
Gist who is the maternal grandfather of
Jeff Bezos
can show you these UFO you didn't say
we're going to show you these UFO pieces
We'll brief you on it.
And then he goes, they show him the UFO
pieces. He feels the the debris. He
feels this anomalous debris. It speaks
to him telepathically, which is
remarkable. Then he insists on getting
briefed or he I don't know, maybe
Bissell reaches out to him. But Richard
Bissell, who was number two at went on
to become number two at the CIA, but at
the time he's deputy director of plans
at the CIA. And he was known as the
mayor of Area 51,
goes and and briefs him on quote unquote
otherworld technologies and all these
kind of past crash retrievals, including
Magenta of 1933.
And so Malgrren knows about this stuff.
And then JFK, I think a couple weeks
later, a few weeks later,
ends up at Los Alamos getting briefed.
getting. Yeah. So, it's like,
is that a coincidence? Probably not.
Well, what it is is that then Kennedy
realizes that if if he can give this
information
to Cruchef, that'll seal the deal that
Cruchef will know that he's completely
he's dropping this kind of nationalistic
competitive thing with with Russia. Uh,
and that they can have a a genuine joint
space program. And of course, they need
to know about what this extraterrestrial
dimension is if they're going to be
venturing out into space together.
[clears throat] So he So, but what
happens is when he demands the briefing
from Mcome,
the Bissell and the other guys
tell uh tell Dulles about it.
Yeah.
Because Bissell and in and Angleton and
the other guys kept going over to see
Dallasos all the time. Yeah. In the
Brownstone over in Georgetown because he
never left town. He just stayed right
there because the fact of the matter is
is that the reason he'd been appointed
to be the first civilian director of the
CIA is the fact that he was legal
counsel for Brown Brothers Haramman.
This is Dulles.
That's Dulles. Alan Dulles. And that's
where the China lobby is. That's the
group of people that had decided long
ago that what they would do is secretly
fund the rise of Hitler in Germany after
World War I
through the Union Bank
to to the Union Bank and all that stuff
that they set up to have them be raised
up to be the bull work against
bullsheism in Europe. Yeah. And since
the the investors at Brown Brothers
Haramman, these two dozen
and that was the initial feeder for the
CIA came out of the Brown Brothers.
That's right. It was it was Robert Love
it who actually wrote the initial memo
to Truman saying we've got to we've got
to reinstitute a a major agency like the
OSS. We got to have it in peace time. Uh
and it came from Robert Levven, senior
partner at Brown Brothers Haramman. And
so that that whole group was where was
the seat of the China lobby who saw the
future of investment
you know capital investment in the Asian
markets because they already owned a
controlling stock interest in most of
the war industry in Germany which they'd
extracted through the Verasai treaty
agreement long involved in process they
did it but the bottom line is that when
at the at the end of World War I
at the end of World War one uh when the
treaty of Versailles was being signed,
Robert Lancing
who was the Secretary of State under
Wilson
Dulles's uncle
was the uncle of Allen and John Foster
Dulles. He had married the eldest
daughter of John W. Foster
who was the maternal grandfather for
both Allen and and and John uh that uh
uh John Foster. So there was John W.
Foster was the the guy and he was an
arch imperialist.
He's the guy that overthrew under his
when he was secretary of state, he
overthrew the island of Hawaii and
started taking Guam and that whole thing
focusing on moving into Asia. Wow. That
was the whole idea of that. And so that
what they did in the Verasai treaty, he
got Robert Lancing who was the
son-in-law of John W. Foster
had had Robert Lancing, his son-in-law,
bring his two grandsons, John Foster
Delos and Alan Delos, with him to the
Versai treaty
and actually as lawyers at Sullivan and
Cromwell that to draft into the into the
Verasai treaty agreement the war
reparations requirements
that Germany had to had to pay war
reparations for all the damage they'd
inflicted on other industries.
So that made them dependent on the Union
Bank.
Well, well, what happened? happened was
this is even pre-UN bank. This is in
1918. And so what they did is they they
said look that you're going to have to
pay these war reparations. They imposed
that that financial obligation on them,
but they didn't have the money to pay
them. And so what happened is the
investors in Brown Brothers Haramman,
these 20 24, you know, robber baron
families, you know, the Rockefellers and
and the and and Haramman railway people
and Carnegie and all of these guys.
Yeah. Melons, all of them were there. uh
and they saw their future as going uh
westward into Asia because what they
could do is they could secure control
over Europe through Germany.
Uh and and what they would do is they
would loan the money
to Germany to pay the war reparations
and they would take as security for
their loans the controlling stock
interest in like the corrupt ball
bearing factory and and IG Farbin and
all these other major war industries
making the explosives and chemicals.
They would they would have this
a lot of these were kind of operation
paperclip based companies, right? Like
they were they were in some cases
started and run by Nazis, right?
Well, the Nazis weren't there really
yet. This is only 1918. Okay. Right. And
but so so what happened is what what
they did is is they set up that
mechanism by means of which the
stockholders or the investors in Brown
Brothers Heramman from these two dozen
wealthy superw wealthy families. What
they did is they had the controlling
stock interest in those companies and
then what they did is they additionally
loaned additional money to Germany to
rebuild their war machine
so that they could be the bull work
against boleeism because at the very end
of the of the the first world war in
October of 1917 the bolevixs had
overthrown Zar Nicholas II and
overthrown him and withdrawn them from
from World War I. And so what happened
is this this this seat of kind of a
socialist alternative to the kind of
investment ideas that were housed at
Brown Brothers Aramman that they viewed
them as this terrible adversary. So what
they did is they leaned in on Robert
Lancing who was the secretary of state
and sent a foreign military expedition
into Russia
that almost nobody knows about it. Now
the a full-scale US financed US military
foreign expeditionary force into Russia
to try in 1918. Wow. To try to crush the
Bolevik revolution.
Wow. Really?
And they recruited the white Russians.
All those kind of Tsarist Russians that
were in St. Petersburg. That whole
crowd.
Was Dulles involved in
that that Dulles Dulles was involved
with Germany? uh he was he was appointed
to be the legal counsel for Germany
uh as well as the leg legal counsel for
Brown brothers Haramman. So he was he
was negotiating both sides of these
these financial agreements so that they
they had them owning the
he was the legal counsel for
Brown brothers Haramman
but for Germany is what what he was
appointed by Robert Lancing his uncle to
be the legal counsel for Germany as well
so that he was on both sides of the
negotiations. He was counseling Germany
to accept these loans. Wow. You know,
and and to rebuild their their war
industry. Uh and he he ended up being
the the basically almost the legal
governor general, you know, working for
the German government. Wow.
Uh and so that that that's what he did.
He choreographed that entire thing. And
so what happened is they got that all
set up in 18 1918 1919. Yeah. Then they
then Robert Lancing sent the foreign
military expeditionary force. into
Russia to try to crush the the Bolevik
revolution in the cradle.
Hey everyone, Jesse here. Let's talk
about something a lot of us quietly deal
with. Hair loss. This is something that
messes with your confidence more than
you'd expect. Okay, you might be
wondering, Jesse, you clearly don't
suffer from this. It's true. The biggest
issue I face is hat hair. I actually
have very thick hair, but one of my good
friends deals with hair loss. So, when I
Restore sent me their I Restore Elite, I
gifted it to him, and I've been amazed
at the results it gave him. The first
thing that stood out to him is it's
comfortable and easy to use. You just
pop it on while reading or working, and
it does its thing. This isn't some
gimmick. It uses 300 lasers and 200 LEDs
to deliver clinically backed red light
therapy straight to the scalp. This is
the best way to stimulate hair growth.
Over the past few weeks, I've seen
noticeable improvement with my friend.
He says that his hair feels thicker and
healthier and it's improved his overall
confidence in life. The I restore Elite
uses triple wavelength technology and
Lumat Red light therapy. It's engineered
for deeper penetration and broader
coverage. That means more stimulation to
hair follicles and better, faster
results. And look, if it doesn't work
for you, they offer a 12month money back
guarantee. I've never heard of a money
back guarantee that lasts that long. Try
it consistently and if you're not happy,
they get you your money back. Of course,
the restocking fee applies. That made it
a no-brainer for my friend. So, give
yourself the gift of hair confidence
this spring. For a limited time only,
our listeners get a huge discount on I
restore Elite when you use code Jesse
Jestore.com.
Head over to itore.com and use code
Jesse Jes for our show's exclusive
discounts on the I restore Elite. Please
support our show and tell them we sent
you. Hair loss is frustrating. You don't
have to fight it alone. Thanks to
Iristo. But let's let's get back to
Okay, so 63. So he's aware he's aware of
UFOs and trying to do some joint space
program with Kruev around that. Yes.
He is trying to defang the American
nuclear arsenal, but also have Soviets.
Yeah. Duclearize entirely mutual
disarmament.
And uh he is trying to take the country
back, the US back from this kind of
military.
China agreed. China agreed that they
would not pursue any nuclear program at
all.
Do we have records of that or
Yes. Oh, yeah.
Really?
Oh, yes.
Where are the records of that?
That uh there's they can dig them out
because they they he reached out they
reached out to China. China only had
like
he reached out to M. They had a real
early uh interest in kind of trying to
deal with the nuclear weapons issue, but
they hadn't really mounted a program and
and he agreed to forestall the entire
thing
really. Mhm. So at that at that point at
that point in between basically January
of of 1963
and June of 1963 at least prior to when
when John the 23rd died
that that was still a kind of totally
viable operation that they were planning
to do.
Uh and then when when John the 23rd
died, I think uh Kennedy leaned forward
into it to try to to try to make sure
that the thing kept on going. And so he
decided he was going to get the
information for Kruef and give it to him
as a further sign of good faith so that
they could not only
uh have a complete open and honest
relationship by putting some skin in the
game by coughing up the information we
had about this but also prepare for the
who they were going to be encountering,
you know, out in in an extraterrestrial
civilization,
you know. And what happened is uh uh on
June 5th when he asked for it, the
Bissell, it's almost certain it was
Bissell, you know, found out about it,
you know, and told Dulles. And so Dulles
and the guys started really wait they
can't allow the nuclear missiles to be
disassembled because they have to have
them to deal with China,
you know, because China had demonstrated
already in the Kore in Korea that they
could put a billion men in uniform and
just melt your bar gun barrels down by
just pouring them on you like they did
up at Inchan and at the reservoir. You
know that that's what they did. They
just sent in like a billion guys, you
know, and just stormed them. Uh, and so
they realized that they could not take
on China in the future in a traditional
land war. So they needed the nuclear
weapons. That's why MacArthur kept
saying what we got to do is show them
bomb them. You know, that whole thing
that that fallout with Truman. So So the
bottom line is that China lobby freaked
out about potentially losing their
nuclear option against China. So that
can't be that we can't allow that to
happen and we can't wait a year for the
elections, you know. I mean, you know,
they can probably figure out how to get
rid of him in the election.
Mhm.
You know, uh but they couldn't wait the
year cuz he would order start ordering
the disassembly. And so what happened is
that uh when he when on uh that June 5th
that uh he ended up uh issuing the uh
the the demand for the he did the same
thing same day he did this weird thing
which I've never been to quite figure
out yet about the printing these uh
these silver certificates.
Mhm.
He did that on June 5th too.
Interesting. He did a whole bunch of
these things.
I I met Oliver Stone once and he
connects the printing of the silver
certificates with JFK's assassination.
Like that was somehow undermining of
well he was he was doing a lot of
radical things right there. You think
that what happened was when when John
the 23rd died,
you know, Kennedy uh he was hoping to to
bring John the 23rd in and kind of
Catholic support for what he was doing.
uh the ethics of what he was doing, the
whole speech at at George Washington
University and all that stuff, you know,
he was going through this real
metaninoia at that time, you know, and
uh but the the act of of disassembling
and destroying the nuclear warheads was
viewed by Dulles and the guys as a as an
act of treason,
you know. Uh, and not only that, but it
was eliminating their ability to
actually quell China, you know, and to
to be able to have access to the market,
the Asian market. So, what he did is
just greenlighted the S force.
Mhm.
So, this is this kind of sleeper cell.
Yeah. They're just
select group of trafficante Cuban exiles
who are these kind of killer assassins
that were originally
commissioned to uh take out Shabbar and
Castro and he reoperationalizes them to
take out JFK
just all he had to do is just get up off
their neck.
So who were the three who were the the
two men on the grassy null? Who were
they?
Well that we we know that Morales was
the shooter. Okay. Because he was the
guy. Uh, we we know that that Rip
Robertson was there.
Were they the two men on the grassy mole
or was Morales on the grassy null or
Morales was on the grassy null?
Okay. So, he took the shot from the
grassy null.
He took the shot from the grassy null.
That was that was he.
Wow.
The the thing that I I find to be in a
certain sense so special about what we
now know that actually happened is the
peculiar aspect of this is the
relationship that Oswald had with all
these guys. And then you look at the
what's come out about um Oswald's land
lady.
She's a super curious character.
She's still alive, bro. She's like 93.
No way.
Ruth Payne is her name.
Ruth Payne. That's right. And she
somehow was connected with Dulles's
mistress Bankraftoft. Am I making that
up?
Yeah. No, this is correct. Um, she
actually vacationed the summer of 1963
at a place called Nashon Island, which
is right up near Martha's Vineyard in
Massachusetts.
And Nan Island is owned by the Forbes
family. That's John Kerry Forbes,
the guy who ran against Bush in 2004.
Yeah. Right. They were both Skull and
Bones. They both went to Yale Secret
society. Um, the Forbes family hosted
this summer retreat at their mansion.
Ruth Paynees there with Alan Dulles,
Alan Dulles's mistress. Mhm.
What they discussed is again that's not
going to be in the JFK files. It's not
going to be in the Kennedy.
What year were they together there?
63.
That's so right there.
So right after she leaves Nan Island,
she she I I think she either before she
went to Nan or after she visits her
sister in Virginia. Turns out her sister
works for the CIA. That's that's come
out.
Whoa.
Then she goes picks up Lee and Marina in
New Orleans and brings them to Dallas.
Gives them a home. hooks Lee up with
this job at the Schoolbook Depository
Building, which by the way, the
Schoolbook Depository Building is an
interesting It's owned by D. Harold
Bird. DryHole Bird is uh David Harold
Bird is his real name, but they call him
Dryhole Bird because he was against
something called the oil depletion
allowance. He's a oil oil man. And uh
Kennedy wanted to get rid of this oil
depletion allowance, which would have
made all the oil people have to
basically pay a ton of money. They
wouldn't get this government tax break
for Uncle Sam. So they were all they all
hated county. They wanted him gone for
that reason. That's where you have the
the oil big oil element and big oil goes
back way long in history. There's a
whole book by Daniel Jurgen called the
prize and there's a prize part two where
he talks about the whole history of oil
with John D. Rockefeller and how he
bought out all the railroads and and
would only ship his oil through the
railroads so he could basically have a
monopoly over the oil business cuz none
of the other oil companies could ship
their oil cuz he owned all the
railroads. That's why you, you know, in
Monopoly, you own all the railroads.
It's it's part of the game. And um
again, he he shut all the business and
competition out and uh they were
eventually dis disbanded with the
antirust act um that, you know, broke up
all the monopolies supposedly. But um a
lot of these oil people have a real
dangerous history of murder and
conspiracy going way back to then, you
know, and just doing terrible things. Uh
so yeah, those guys are involved. And
then D Herald Bird, in addition to being
an oil man, he's also um buys a bunch of
stock in this company called LTV, Ling
Temco VA. And he's part of he owns this
big share in in VA Aerospace. Well, it
turns out VA Aerospace built all the
flying saucers for Wright Patterson in
the 40s and 50s under a guy named Alfred
C. Loading.
Wait, wait, what?
Yeah.
Really? We built What do you mean? When
you say built the flying saucers, like
built the Averro car project, which is
on record? Well, the Aro car project was
Canada. So that was that that's
but then it got moved to right Pat as
project Y bug.
Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
But but like so what when you say built
flying saucers because
so the VA flying pancake is a is a VA
aircraft and it's a it's literally
attempt it's early attempt to build a a
flying saucer with propellers.
That was before Avro car in the 40s.
It was way before this was ear this was
even predates.
That's so interesting. I didn't I didn't
even heard of this. That's so wow.
It's it's it's it's very obscure. It's
not well known. And then T LTV, Ling
Tenko Vought. Um he Ling, he gives a
bunch of money with Ling and they invest
in this right before the Kennedy
assassination. And of course aerospace
and and all those people made a ton of
money off the Kennedy assassination. And
then you have deep space aerospace uh
connections, deep state aerospace
connections to uh Lee Harvey Oswald
because he worked at Atsugi, which is
where the CIA was running the U2 spy
plane program, you know. So,
well, also I believe Harold Bird, who
owned the Texas Book Depository,
um he was I think had some connections
with LBJ and then he was also connected
with Curtis Lame. Curtis Lame gave him
an award for the Civil Airore when he
was younger.
Yes. And Curtis Lay hated JFK
and uh you know thought that he was you
know kind of a traitor back
and there's pictures of LBJ and DH
Harold Bird together like going to
football games and and and they were
they were good friends so they
definitely knew each other definitely um
maybe the craziest thing of all I mean J
JFK we're painting a picture of him just
being 360 surrounded by these like you
know spooky people. Um the mayor of
Dallas was a guy named Earl Cabel. Yeah.
And um his his brother Charles was
Dallas's number two at the CIA on the
Bay of Pigs.
There you go. And and Earl rerouted
JFK's motorcade.
Yeah.
So like
they took it right by Dherald Bird's
building
plaza.
It's like come on. Yeah.
Now it gets it gets even deeper because
it's crazy, bro. Because uh you know de
Harold Bird, you know that he had he's a
big hunter, right? He he went after JFK
got assassinated, he went to Africa on a
safari and shot a bunch of elephants,
brought their heads back and had them
mounted on the wall in his big trophy
room. A big trophy room full of all the
animal heads that he of all the animals
he killed and shot.
You know what else he did? He took the
window out of the sixth floor depository
building
and he put it in his trophy room at his
house.
What? Why? What? What reason for that?
No way. That's crazy. [laughter]
That's [__] weird. Whoa. That is
like, dude, that's red flags. That is
huge. Huge red flags. And the fact that
Ruth Payne knows de Harold Bird, she
brings the Oswalds to Dallas, gives him
this house to live in. And then all
after the assassination, they go to Ruth
Payne's garage, find all the evidence
that that and then about a month after
the assassination, after the FBI's
already searched the home extensively,
Ruth Payne comes and says, "Oh, me and
Marina found this other uh note that he
left for Marina. Um supposedly where he
he wrote Marina a note when he
supposedly went to go shoot uh General
Walker and left her a note, but they
found this all after the case. So, and
then then they've used that to blame the
shooting of Edwin Walker on Lee Harvey
Oswwell. He's oh, he's you know, he's
killing this uh you know, anti-communist
uh general, which is really weird
because, you know, it it doesn't make
sense with the narrative of, you know,
what is he just trying to kill someone
to get famous? Is that is that Lee who
who we think Lee Harvey Oswald is?
You know, that people, oh, poor Oswald,
you know, was just this innocent guy who
was just a weirdo and you he was just a
fall guy, you know, and didn't have
anything to do with it. That's not true
at all. He was CIA that well he was
actually trained by an office of naval
intelligence wasn't CIA and he was in
this thing called Operation [__] It
was a whole different operation. Uh but
the bottom line is he ended up being
part of this thing that was called uh
the in the field intelligence
uh and it was it was a kind of a private
uh spying operation the political spying
operation that was going on. the William
D. Paulie and uh and uh uh uh Hunt eh
Hunt and a lot of guys they were funding
it and that was Willoughby George
Willoughby Charles Willoughby rather
because at when when Truman got not
fired he Truman wasn't fired he was he
was re
so what were these operations Lee Harvey
Oswald was involved in? He was doing
spying. He was doing spying on
progressive groups uh in uh in around
the around New Orleans working with Guy
Banister. It was true.
Guy Bannister is the FBI guy who's known
as like the head of the XFiles. Like
he's on the weird desk of the FBI.
Yeah.
And so he was 555 Camp Street. Is that
right?
555 Camp Street.
And so and so Ali Harvey Oswald is
working out of that building. That
building mysteriously gets burned down,
right? by by Noville.
Gordon Noville is the guy that was
arrested and prosecuted by James
Garrison in New Orleans for burning down
555 Camp Street, the office where where
uh where uh Lee Hos Oswald
Wow.
had the office along with uh uh what was
the name? uh the guy that was the
hardcore right-wing guy that was the
head of the Latin American uh uh
anti-communist league. Uh one of the the
guy that was the former FBI guy that was
down in New Orleans. The heck was that
guy's name?
But anyway, he had an office in the same
in the exact same building
on the exact same floor.
Whoa.
With him. and and Gordon Noll was
prosecuted and convicted for burning
down that building
in the midst of uh in the midst of the
investigation. Crazy.
Okay. Who ends up later in the UFO in
the UFO conversation, you know, in
tried to hire me as his lawyer,
Robert Bigalow and stuff. Okay. So, so
this is all so crazy. So, what is Lee
Harvey Oswald doing exactly? He's
inserting himself into like
he he he is he is uh in addition to
spying on different liberal liberal
groups like ACLU and other things that
he's doing and filing reports with this
field intelligence operation going on
that that what he's doing is he's
infiltrating the the Free Cuba group uh
and pretending to be a a Marxist, you
know, just like he when he went to
Russia and did all that stuff. And so
what he was doing is he was designing a
character of being uh involved with
Russia and with uh with Cuba. Uh and
what what the the plan was is to coax
him into taking a shot at the motorcade,
not hitting anybody, but taking a shot
at the motorcade. Uh and then he would
uh he would escape, but they would have
they would figure out who it was.
There's the gun and there's who he is.
and that they would blame it on Cuba and
they could get back to invading the
island. You know, again, it was the same
guys, the same kind hardcore right-wing
guys that are into this. And so he's
he's all put into place to take this
shot at the motorcade and then run and
escape.
Uh and what happens, he takes the shot
at the motorcade, hits the curb, and
chips the the curb, the pieces of the
cement flying.
Mhm. And immediately these other shots
rang out
uh and kill the president. Right.
So you think Oswald missed?
Oh, he didn't miss. He wasn't intending
to hit him.
He wasn't even What was What was the
point? Really?
The point was to have a fire a gun a
shot fired at the motorcade to be a a
bungled attempt to assassinate the
president and blame it on Oswald who was
a Cuban operations guy
so that they could then justify invading
the island.
Yeah. Because that's that was the whole
plan. A very subtle plan and he was
involved in that part. And when he he
fired the shot,
why didn't they end up using him as oh
like he was this Cuban operative?
Because they did that didn't end up
being the narrative like we need to
retaliate against Cuba.
Well be because because he killed he
killed uh uh uh
Tippet
the police offic
you know because the whole idea is
there's a dead guy. a lone gunman, dead
guy, you know that he took the shot at
the president. You rotten bastards. You
know, you're a Cuban, you know, spy. And
you know,
and what was his association with Cuba
prior?
He was uh he he was part of the uh Free
Cuba group. He he infiltrated the group.
That was when he got arrested on the
street, remember? By by, you know,
sitting on the street corner championing
Cuba.
Where what year is this?
In 1963.
Okay. 1963.
And he's he's chanting Free Cuba like in
New Orleans or where
in uh in New Orleans.
Okay.
Yeah.
This is amazing.
Yeah. So, so he he was creating this
character who was a who was kind of a
zany guy who'd been to Russia and it was
in favoring Cuba and then he was going
to take a shot at the uh thing and he
thought he was supposed to help get
escaped. The whole theory was he was
going to they were going to help him
escape. Yeah.
Uh and then but they were going to blame
it on him but he's already in some safe
haven. But in reality, they were just
going to take him out. They were going
to kill him. And then he killed Tippet.
That's right. As soon as he saw Tippet,
he just killed him, you know, and and
got arrested for it.
Yeah.
You know, and uh so then that's why he
kept saying, "Wait a second. I'm just a
pathy here. Something's wrong."
I'd like some legal representation.
These police officers have not allowed
me to to have any.
I uh I don't know what this is all
about.
Sir,
you the president?
I work in that building.
Were you in the building all the time?
Naturally, if I work in that building?
Yes, sir.
Back up, man.
No, they're taking me in because of the
fact that I live in the Soviet
president.
And he tried to place the call. He asked
for the telephone call to Nag Nags Head.
Yeah.
Which is [__]
That was that was the whole operation
where he was dipped. That's he was
dipped.
the ship. It was erased.
Yeah. And and so so the bottom line and
that whole thing, the the role of him,
you know, that it really disappoints
half of the the c the Castro assass or
the the Kennedy assassination community.
Oh, no, wait a second. He's supposed to
be a completely innocent guy. Didn't
have anything to do with it. You know,
wasn't involved with these people at
all. And they're just these weird
things, you know, that that Garrison in
in in New Orleans was way off base, but
he wasn't. you know that that whole
crowd was part of that, you know, in Guy
Banister and that whole crow Banister
was the head of the the Central American
chapter of the World Anti-Communist
League.
Wow.
You know,
wow.
You know, that's that's who they are,
you know, and that's what he was part
of. Uh and uh so that that's that's how
the that's how the thing came down. And
of course, as soon as it happened,
all the people that knew about the S
force said, "Holy [__] it's the S
force." You know, there's there's uh Rip
Robertson, photographs of Rip Robertson,
who's the field field operations
commander for the S force
standing right there in Delhi Plaza. You
got Ed Lansdale,
you know, the photographs of Lansdale
sitting right there and his wife
identifying him,
you know. Uh so the you got the S force
is in town.
Wow. I mean, you see Phil Fid Felipe
Fidal Santiago on the Grassy Null. This
guy's like a radio man. He looks like a
Cuban. He's out of place and he's
sitting he's sitting right next to the
umbrella man. And the umbrella man's
never been really solved. They they came
out with this guy they said was the
umbrella man in the in ' 74 at the House
Select Committee. That's not the dude.
Come on now. There was a different guy
there with the umbrella symbolizing you
didn't have the umbrella to of the air
support to help with the Bay of Pigs and
now we're going to get you. and also
being the signal man on the grassy and
all. Did you know that there were three
yellow painted lines
right on the side of the curb where the
shot in in conjunction where all the
shots took place in the in the kill zone
and they were painted the night before
cuz Beverly Oliver was standing on one.
She can be seen in the in the Zapruder
film standing on the yellow curb on the
edge of the edge of the sidewalk on Elm
Street
and she got yellow paint all over her
shoe cuz it was freshly painted the
night before. Wow. Now, there's no known
parking on Elm Street, so there's no
reason to paint the curb yellow.
Everyone everyone knows there's no
parking there. It's an on-ramp to the
freeway to the Stemmans freeway.
You know, nobody nobody pulls over there
and parks, so there's no reason to paint
the curb unless you're marking the the
shots for the kill zone.
Were there any other actors or or people
worthy of consideration as far as the
involvement here?
Yeah, I mean that that the the the
question as to how many of the people in
Brown brothers Heramman
had to sign off on this,
you know, other than Delos.
Uh and the the real power was sort of in
Sullivan and Cromwell,
that whole law firm, you know, that's
not a normal law firm, Sullivan and
Cromwell. There was legal counsel for
Brown Brothers Herman. the Cromwell or
Sullivan and Cromwell is the guy that
choreographed the the overthrowing of
the Panameanian government to build the
Panama Canal. I mean, it's it's sort of
it was sort of like uh uh Williams and
Connelly.
Interesting.
Yeah. Yeah. It's not like a normal law
firm.
Gotcha.
You know, that's like Sullivan and
Cromwell was that back at those times.
So, so the the bottom line is that's
what happened. And then as soon as the
people realized what had happened, they
said, "Shit, it's the S force,
you know, so we got to do everything in
our power to cover this thing up because
anybody finds out it's the S force,
they're going to track it all the way
back through to the agency and they're
going to blame this on the agency."
Whereas it wasn't the agency as such
that did it. It was Dulles, you know, in
his capacity as the con sigliier
basically for Brown Brothers Haramman,
you know, in that whole China lobby
operation. And so the agency went to
great lengths to conceal this. Uh and
then they briefed LBJ. LBJ goes and gets
a hold of Earl Warren and says, "Justice
Warren, Chief Justice Warren, you got to
chair this commission because we really
got to quell any of these concerns about
a conspiracy." And look at one thing
that you got to do. And and he didn't
want to do it. And so he said, "Look,
let me tell you why you have to do
this." He said because he says you've
got to be sure to conceal the fact that
there was an assassination team that was
that was assigned to try to kill Castro
and it was the Kennedys that put it
together. And if the word gets out that
there was an assassination team that
Kennedy put together to try to kill
Castro, everybody's going to believe
that Castro found out about it and
killed the president. And if that
happens, you know, people are going to
go crazy and they're going to try to
make us invade Cuba. And if we do that,
Russia is going to cause a world war.
And he they lie to to Chief Justice
Warren to Chief Justice Warren to get to
chair the waring commission. And they
put Alan Dulles
on who was the de facto
run guy that ran the Warren Commission,
you know, the whole thing to cover them
all up.
So crazy to cover the And what people do
is people when they get little pieces of
the information, they say, "Oh, this is
the agency that killed him."
Yeah. You know, and they kill him
because he screwed up the Bay of Pigs.
Did they get Jack Ruby to kill? What?
What happened with Jack Ruby?
I mean, that's all the mob. They said,
"Wait, holy [__] We We've messed up
here."
How did they How did they manipulate
Jack Ruby into killing Lee Harvey
Oswalt?
He was He was a made man. He was a made
man of the of the mob. You know, when
they tell you, you know,
Do you think they MKed him because he
says he didn't remember killing Leo for
a long time?
No, I don't think that's You don't think
so? But then, okay, but so then yeah,
maybe maybe not, you know, for the
actual killing. But then he ends up in
jail and he claims that he doesn't
remember killing Lee Harvey Oswald, but
is pretty lucid. And then he's seen
court-ordered by a psychiatrist who is
on record as being part of MK Ultra, a
guy named Jolly West,
who is letters between him and Sydney
Gotly. We, you know, are fairly sure
that he
was involved in CIA mind control stuff.
and he sees Jack Ruby for 24 hours
totally not filmed, you know, and comes
out. Jack Ruby has a psychotic break and
he starts, you know, saying that there
are Jews outside his jail cell screaming
or whatever and is never the same after
that.
And Jolly West does a press conference
saying Jack Ruby has gone crazy,
you know, he's lost his marbles or
whatever.
Um, and so
so you can't depend on anything he says.
Yeah. I mean, that's got to be pretty uh
But that but that would imply that the
first time around he wasn't
he wasn't MK Ultra because maybe he had
something to share and they needed to
scramble his brain. Yeah. No, no, the
the in the the thing is is that just
following AAM's razor that you get a
real simple
line and narrative of what really
happened and then all kinds of
activities that are undertaken to cover
up
and conceal this,
you know, end up being interpreted as
your principle involved in making the
plan to kill him.
Uh because it makes it satisfies
people's other more sinister worldview,
right? But [clears throat] but but the
bottom line is that that the the threat
that was going to come unraveled
happened with the Watergate burglary.
Mhm.
Because what happened is when as soon as
the Democratic National Committee
chooses Larry O'Brien
Yeah.
to be the new head of the Democratic
National Committee, it turns out
previously 20 years he was the chief
lobbyist for for Howard Hughes in
Washington. This is an amazing part of
your narrative which is that Larry
O'Brien is the number two or chief
lobbyist for Howard Hughes. Howard
Hughes was responsible on behalf of
Nixon for setting up you know the S
force and working with Trafocante. Y
and so uh Nixon is because he was a
longtime political opponent of JFK is
freaked out that he's because he's
running for president later. Yes.
Um in the you know so this is in the
70s. He says he's he's freaked out that
basically Larry O'Brien is going to out
him as having killed his longtime
political opponent even though he set up
the S force not to kill JFK. It was to
take out Castro and Shavara, but he's
freaked out that they have comprom. And
if you look at what happened in the
Watergate scandal, the burglary, it's
James McCord is involved. You
represented him, you know, in the in the
afterwards. McCord was known as Dulles's
number two and his favorite guy or what
was, you know, his favorite understudy
and
they put they bugged Larry O'Brien's
phone. So clearly so clearly they were
targeting him and
Nixon was way up against McGovern in the
polls of that election. So you always
have to ask the question, was it like
he was paranoid, but was he that
paranoid? Like why would he do that if
it weren't this sort of specific thing
he was worried about?
That's right. Because because if O'Brien
were to reveal the fact that he's the
one that that created the assassination
team that in fact killed the president,
there's no way you can talk your way out
of that in time in an election year from
June between June and November. He's not
going to climb out under from under
that. And so he said, "We've got to
we've got to find out whether whether
O'Brien knows about it and is thinking
at all about using it. So we've got to
not only wiretap his telephone, but bug
his office."
That's amazing.
And that's what they did. and they sent
him in to do it.
So you you then are the the lawyer for
James McCord.
Well, it was Bailey. It was Bailey
himself because Bailey, it turns out,
was on index 4 for the agency.
Okay.
Which which we didn't know. Okay.
You know, none of us knew it in the
office.
Did you learn anything from those guys
about like spooky intel world or like
did did any of them sort of reveal any
secret? Like did you interact with
McCord at all or?
No. Okay.
No. that but but I I knew that McCord
was was was uh didn't want to plead
guilty.
He was refusing to plead guilty. He
said, "Why am I pleading guilty?" You
know, that we got because he had been
told that they were going in to to try
to find evidence that that O'Brien and
the other guys were were coordinating
and financing anti-war demonstrators.
Yeah.
Uh and he wanted to get that
information. And so he thought he was
involved in kind of a a typical kind of,
you know, uh I guess meat and potatoes
kind of covert operation by the agency.
Uh and they've been instructed that if
you get caught doing a covert operation
for the agency state side, which is
totally illegal, call one of the people
on the index 4. you [snorts] know,
there's William Bennett Williams and
then there's Bailey and there was this
other guy Miller I knew about, you know,
but but I didn't know any of that when
Bailey contacted me and asked me to come
over to his shop to to be special
counsel, uh, you know, for the burglary
case. I want to pivot slightly. It's the
same sort of uh you know world that
we're talking about here. But um you
have a very interesting narrative about
how some of maybe the initial financing
occurs for secret covert UFO programs in
America.
Oh yeah.
And uh you you talk about this Anderson
Trust
and uh you know billions of dollars
worth of lost gold.
1.2 trillion.
There you go.
At $32 an ounce.
Unbelievable.
Which is now $3,400 an ounce. So what's
what's the story there?
Well, it's the the what happened is back
in about 19 about 2000
uh it was just like 2000 year 2000 that
uh Mr. Aya, who is like the third
richest fellow in the entire
Philippines, you know, contacts the
Jesuit headquarters that he wanted to he
wanted to have somebody from the Jesuit
headquarters because he'd gone to a
Jesuit high school and college and stuff
and wanted them to come and brief the
top 50 business people in the
Philippines about what the consequences
of global climate change were going to
be for the island. you know, with the
rising sea levels is going to swamp
parts of the island and ruin businesses.
Uh, and so trying to see if they would
mobilize the business community to do
something about it, right? So, I got
designated to go brief him. So, I fly I
fly to the Philippines uh and Mr. Aya
puts me up in this like 20 star hotel,
you know, with these this sumptuous food
everywhere. All this bizarre kind of
offensive uh kind of opulence. Uh, and
you know, I go brief these guys and I
tell them that uh, what they should do
is they should try to mobilize and get
the government of the Philippines uh,
which they had some influence with these
rich business guys, you know, to lead a
the uh, uh, association of island states
uh, in the United Nations to mobilize a
uh, a motion on the floor of the general
assembly to have a uniting for peace
resolution to have the islands states
all joined together and accused the
United States and uh and China and India
of uh aggressive activities ruining
their national security by the the
fostering and promoting of the fossil
fuels that are swamping their islands
and ruining their country. uh and if you
can get if I told him if you can get
twothirds of all the members of the
general assembly 193 countries at that
time you know to support such a
resolution you can get an investigation
done uh and if you can get three4s of
them to vote for a resolution
ordering those countries to start
cutting back on all of their the use of
petroleum you can enforce it and the
security council can't veto it okay so I
explained that all to them Uh, and then
Mr. Ayat drives me up to his big mansion
on at top of the mountain overlooking
Manila. And we're sitting there, you
know, sipping lemonade one at an e
afternoon. And he said, you know, uh,
would you like to meet the the president
of the Senate of the Philippines? And I
said, "Yeah, that would be really
helpful if we could get right to them,
you know." And he said, "Well, let me
let me get a hold of him." He gets up
and leaves, goes in, makes a call, and
he comes back, says, "Good. Let's go
down and see him." So we go get in his
big Cadillac. We drive down off the
hill. He walks into the to the office of
the president of the Senate. Says hi to
the secretary and we just walk in. We
sit down. He introduces me to Senator
Pimeintel who is the president of the of
the Philippine Senate. And I'm briefing
him on this how to go about you know
spearheading organizing the Association
of Island States to bring on a a motion
under the Uniting for Peace Resolution.
and he's he's listening to me, but he
doesn't seem particularly enthralled
about it all. Uh, and so then he he
casually gets up and goes over and he
closes the door and comes and sits back
down. He said, "Well, I should tell
you." He said, "As the president uh of
the of the Senate, you know, I Cherithan
called the Blue Ribbon Commission, and
the Blue Ribbon Commission is charged
with finding these 176 troves of
treasure that have been buried in the
Philippines by General Yakushima at the
end of World War II. Uh and each of them
has like a hundred billion dollars of
gold and silver uh in the platinum bars
and big 50 gallon drums of diamonds and
rubies and and precious jewels that have
all been pilferred by a special unit of
the Japanese army that was deployed all
during the 1930s before World War II
started uh as a treasure, a war chest
for the the war
because they were and they were worried
about being invaded or taken. Well, they
yeah because they they knew that that
once the Germans had surrendered in May
of 1945 that it was just a matter of
time that the US was going to invade the
island, you know, and and take them
down. Uh and so they they were going to
move all of the the treasure out of
there uh out of Japan and they were
going to bury it and they were going to
sign General Yakushima himself to
oversee all that. And they were going to
send the uh the cousin I think of uh of
uh Hiroshito,
you know, uh to a prince, a Japanese
prince of the royal family to accompany
them so he would know where all 176 of
these treasure troves were. Uh and so
they sent him into the islands and they
started moving the the gold out in the
last months of the war and they buried
it. Uh and they buried them in these
like you know like you know 500 600 ft
deep you know big wells like that they
drilled uh and then they were using uh
prisoners of war to do the digging and
then burying the team that dug that
particular hole burying them with the
gold so that no one would know be around
to tell where it was.
So where did where did this gold end up?
It ended up in the Philippines is
there's 176 troves of these things.
Still there.
Still there. Oh yeah.
So there is 1.5 trillion or 1.2 trillion
worth of gold in the Philippines now.
Oh 1.2 trillion was just about just 12
of the troves. There's 176 of them
and they're still there.
Yes, they're still there.
So who's guarding over them?
They they don't they can't find them.
That that's what the problem is. They're
crazy people running around the
Philippines for decades trying to find
these places, but they don't they don't
know where they are. But you but we have
documentation that there are a lot of
these.
Oh yeah. That that that Marcos got two
of them.
Yeah.
Uh by by capturing one of the guys who
was the uh who who who found one of them
and they drilled the eyes out of his son
right in front of him with a hot poker.
Jesus. Marcos did. Colonel Ver, you
know, did it.
Who is who's Marcos?
Marcos was the president of the of the
Philippines.
Whoa. that uh that was
who dr who drilled the general ver was
his kind of chief torturer and uh he
tortured this guy's son right in front
of him to get the guy to tell him where
two of these little troves were you know
and they got two of them Marco's got two
of them each of hundred billion dollars
what
but but
so what does this have to do with UFO
financ that no it doesn't as such what
what we know is that that at the end of
World War II after they done this after
they'd buried them all and there were
maps
uh
of of them
that what what happened is that
Lansdale, Ed Lansdale, who was in the
OSS
when they disbanded the OSS after the
Germans uh uh surrendered in May of 45,
the Truman disbanded the OSS and
reassigned them all around and Ed
Lansdale, who was an OSS guy, gets made
to G2 uh in Manila, right?
[clears throat] and he knows about the
fact that this treasure has been buried
around there. And so what he does is
when when General Yakushima turns
himself in, you know, at the end of the
war after the dropping the bombs, you
know, in the in August 6th and 8th of
45, you know, they all surrender. uh so
there's not going to be any kind of
invasion to the and what what uh Japan
was hoping that they could get a
conditional surrender uh and that they
would be able to keep custody of the
Philippines so that they'd be able to
then later go in and dig these things up
and have you know re constitute the
wealth of the Japanese empire right that
was the [clears throat] plan but the US
bombs them instead uh and says you know
it's an unconditional surrender you
don't get the Philippines We keep the
Philippines, right? [clears throat] And
so and so what happens is is uh Ed
Lansdale Ed Lansdale uh knows that these
are here and so these these treasure
troves are there. So what he does is he
he kidnaps the driver for General
Yakushima who would know where the some
of them were, right? And so he has him
tortured. This guy name is Santo Mar
Santa Mario. uh uh S Santo Mario. Yeah,
it's his name. Uh this corporal that
actually conducted the torturing of of
this driver. Uh and they find out where
12 of the troves are.
Uh so they punch the first one uh and
find the hundred billion dollars. Uh
I've seen photographs of of the I mean
it looks it's like a football stadium
down underneath the ground, you know,
that goes down like five six hundred
feet. huge ca caverns down there and
stacks of gold bullion, you know, you
know, armpit high as far as you can see,
you know, and big barrels of of jewels
everywhere. And the bottom line is they
they punch 12 of these things. And so,
uh, so Lansdale, after punching the
first one and verifying that that it's
for real, he gets in a plane, he flies,
uh, from Manila to Singapore to see
MacArthur. and he goes in to see
MacArthur uh personally and starts to
tell him what they've got here, right?
And MacArthur brings in his G2, who's
Charles Willoughby.
Uh and so MacArthur orders Willoughby to
go with Ed Lansdale in MacArthur's
private plane and they fly him from
Singapore back to Manila back into the
the Philippines and back into the United
States. Right. and they they go to see
Truman
to tell Truman that they've got $1.2
trillion dollars
uh in gold, bullion, and in platinum and
in uh in silver and jewels. Uh and the
the chief of staff won't let them see
him uh unless he they tell him what they
want to talk about. So they brief the
chief of staff who is Clark Clifford.
So Clifford comes into the meeting uh
with Truman uh with Ed Lansdale and with
Willoughby and start [clears throat] to
brief Truman about what they've got.
Truman says, "Hold a second. I' I've got
to bring uh Stimson in." Brings in the
Secretary of War Stimson. Brings him in.
As soon as Stimson starts realizing what
they've got, he sends for his three
deputies and he he brings in Robert
Levit uh and Robert Anderson, both not
only deputy secretaries of war, but
senior partners in Brown Brothers
Haramman
and and John J. Mcclo. And they bring
them in, the three deputies. They find
out what they've got here. And Truman
decides that what he's going to do, he's
not going to tell anybody. He's not
going to tell the Congress. He's not
going to tell anybody else about it.
They're going to set up this secret uh
uh trust they call the Anderson Trust.
They set it up down in Houston, Texas.
And they they set up the the Anderson
Trust and they have all this and they
they assign we we now know we've got the
He's still alive. The the commander, the
pilot that flew the flew the gold out.
He's alive.
Yes, he's alive. Have you spoken to him?
We know what I'm going to Whoa. We're
going to We know right where he is now.
and and I'm going to I'm going to talk
to him, you know, to get this thing on
the record.
Whoa. Yeah. But so the so they fly the
using US military transports. They fly
these these this gold all out of there,
you know, these 12 trolls of it and they
bring it to the International Credit
Bank in Geneva, Switzerland, and they
deposit it there and then they issue
gold certificates on it, which are like
bearer bonds, you know, and and they
they make they distribute them to
right-wing anti-communist candidates for
mayors and stuff after World War II, you
know, all throughout Europe.
Wow. in there. So there's this whole
covert program of
So this has nothing to do with UFOs?
No.
Oh,
no. No, no, no. But what it is is it's a
it's a a mechanism for secretly funding
covert operations that are going on
after World War II uh when the CIA is
set up and they're all funding this
stuff. And that's Dulles knows about
this money that's there. So that they're
they're using this for covert
operations.
Interesting. you know,
and
yeah, it's wild. That's wild.
It's it's it's totally separate from the
the UFO stuff.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think Chris
Ramsay, who just did a great interview
with you, Yeah. told me maybe he thought
it had something to do with UFOs. So,
I'll use this as a a opportunity to say,
"Chris, why'd you leave me astray?" And
but go watch your interview with Chris
because I thought that was great. I
don't know if you've seen it, but it was
fantastic. It was really great. Yeah, I
I don't see I don't see most of these
things. I just, you know, when I
with somebody that I trust anyway that I
can just tell you and so it's done
so I know that you guys will tell other
people.
Check it out. Area 52. Um yeah, in that
interview you actually talk about uh an
interview with a live alien being.
Yeah.
Uh at S4 in Area 51.
That's right.
And uh yeah, you care to go into any
detail around that? Well, yeah. I got at
Jesuit headquarters. Uh let me see. It
must be about uh let's see when that
would be. Uh it was 94
that I'd already done the uh the John
Max stuff. Uh so it was it was like 2000
uh 2001 2002 something like that that uh
I I get a call uh from a guy uh in
northern Minnesota and [clears throat]
he's uh on his deathbos
right uh and he wants me to come and see
him there's something and he says that
he worked directly with project blue
book
and so I said uh oh uh okay so I fly
there and fly into Minneapolis and rent
a little car and drive up into this
little teeny town up in northern
Minnesota. Uh, and there he is. He's at
this little hospice place with he's got
one of these little rollers with all the
little bottles on it, the stuff in his
nose. And he starts telling me how uh he
was a uh a clerk typist,
army, US army clerk typist assigned to
this special unit of project blue book
that was focusing just on the 700 or so
uh cases of of of instance incidents
which they couldn't explain away.
They were just too credible. The the
sources were too credible. They had too
many people had seen it.
What was his name? that his his name was
uh Oscar uh Wolf.
Oscar Oscar Wolf or Oscar Lane. Oscar
Wolf.
Yes. Oscar Wolf.
Uhhuh.
That's who he was.
Uh and uh and uh he he starts telling me
about it all. Uh and goes into detail
about it. Uh now it's one of these
bizarre things cuz I my my my office
people said you got to bring a camera.
You got to bring a camera to get this
guy if he's going to give you a Did you
record him?
Yeah, I I I brought the little thing. I
set it all up on the little table. And
And so I had the whole the whole thing
recorded. Uh and it got corrupted
somehow.
But I think Jeremy Corbel might have
recorded an interview with this guy
separately.
Later he did. And he also he also talked
with Richard Dolan.
Okay. So we have him on record. Oscar
Wolf
and Well, they but the thing is they
didn't press into as far as I know about
this incident.
Oh, really?
And he and he told me about the fact
that he cuz I kept
they missed the they buried the lead.
Well, yeah, cuz I was interrogating the
[__] out of him, you know. I mean, I was
just pressing down on him because I
figured he was on his bed.
So, so yeah, don't don't mess with me.
So she
[laughter]
shape up you know these days the dying
I could have worse I could have said you
know if you want any absolution you know
but I didn't do that part so so so man
the Jesuits are thugs
that's that's being too tough you know
and so so so the bottom line he tells me
that that uh that the reason that he has
developed this kind of special
relationship with the commander of this
unit that is assigned specifically to
investigate the the uh the these 700
other cases, right, is because he and
the commander were both part of this
really fundamentalist Christian sect
called the worldwide church of God.
I mean, apparently really hardcore
fundamentalist crowd [clears throat] and
and uh and so that he he stayed there
for years when they were working on it.
people would come and go and the staff
and do field investigations and all
that, but he kept staying there and
keeping records and then his commander
comes in and said that he is going to be
going to Area 51 and uh wanted Oscar to
come with him. And so he did. He went
with him. But it turns out it was not
just Area 51, it was S4. So they
actually went all the way to S4 uh and
went down in the big elevators and went
in and he said he saw like three or
four. By the way, S4 isn't supposed to
officially exist. So, it's important.
The only versions where it exist, you
have Bob Lazar, you have a guy named Dan
Berish, and you have this story. That's
right. And I think we're going to get
some more corroboration soon that S4
does in fact exist. And then then all of
a sudden, you start asking questions
about these specific stories and it
starts to blow your mind. Okay. So,
you're going down. So, so he goes down
and he says and he sees like there's
three or four uh UFOs that are just they
they've got little like uh little
garages like these these little chambers
where
the same story as Bob Lazar and they're
just they're just hovering in there.
They're he said they were just they were
just hovering all by themselves inside
these little garages like that were
underground. He said he saw them uh and
then they went in and his his commander
was going to be quote interviewing a
live ET guy, right? So he goes with him
uh and they come into this other area
where there were military guys there. He
said, but there was this room like a
standalone room with these big two-way
mirrors that that you could see through
uh from the outside. And he said he saw
the ET guy, but he was like, you know,
five and a half feet tall. No, it wasn't
a little tiny short guy. It was a kind
of a kind of lifesiz guy. So big big
head, big eyes, and he was in this kind
of jumpsuit that they'd provided for
him. Uh he was he was very cooperative.
He wasn't being
speaking English or
No, no, he was it was all telepathic. It
was all telepathic.
So they just he just saw them sitting
across from each other. He could see he
could see his commander walk in but he
wouldn't go cuz he said he said I
thought it was demonic.
That's what he said. He said I thought
it was demonic and I didn't want to go
near him.
Uh and so he stayed outside and but he
could see his his commander having this
kind of telepathic communication going
on with him. Right.
And his commander was a fundamentalist
Christian.
Yeah. Yes.
And so and so how what was the
communication like
that that he didn't say? He just said it
was telepathic. He could tell that they
were having this telepathic Well, he he
probably afterwards got it confirmed by
his his commander that it was all
telepathic. He they weren't talking. He
could just see that they were having
this kind of communication.
Did he seem honest to you?
Oh, yes.
So, you think that happened?
Yeah, I do think that happened. I think
that happened, you know. And uh
So, you think we have alien beings at
S4?
Well, no. No. All I all I know is I
think that there was one there. Okay. at
that time at that time and that he saw
him uh and that he he stayed outside and
the the military guys that were there
showed him these these cards. They had
he said they had these index cards that
and it didn't say whether they were
typed up or printed, but they had the
questions and answers that were there of
things they'd ask him, right? And so
they had a little record of interviews
that had been conducted with him. And in
one of them he said that uh they asked
him you know so where are you guys from?
What are you what are you doing here?
And he said that you know he was part of
a group uh of people beings from
different star systems
in our galaxy. He said and that their
job was to go around monitoring where
life had started in different planets
inside the galaxy. uh and that that was
what they did. Uh and that's what they
were doing here. And he said uh they
asked him, "Well, who's who tasked you
to do that?" You know, who's in charge
of that? He said, "Well, it's what you
people would refer to as God, but it's
very different than you think."
Then how is it different?
He didn't say.
He didn't say. And he said, "But I
didn't believe him." He said, "Because I
thought he was demonic." And so I never
told anybody. I never called anybody
about this.
Have you ever heard the term Collins
elite?
Yes.
Do you think that that this kind of
fundamentalist Christian commander was
involved in the Collins elite or
No, it didn't didn't seem to be. This
was kind of an individual thing with him
and this guy
cuz they also thought that the the alien
stuff was kind of demonic.
Oh, yeah. No, no, that there's there's a
whole a whole stream of that in the
fundamentalist world. you know, I've
got, you know, that Sarah's
uh sister-in-law
Mhm.
is a big fundamentalist, you know, and
she will, she thinks the whole thing is
demonic.
That's it's a it's a meme.
Have you ever interviewed I mean, I'm
sure part of it is and part of it might
be angelic and, you know, it's like
probably
I I think that it's because people don't
understand
that whole part. People don't understand
angelic. probably good and bad is
probably way too simplistic of a frame
for whatever they're operating on. And
I'm sure there are good ones that
incidentally do violence to you because
of their kind of, you know, field or
whatever. Once you, you know, it's like
St. Franc St. Francis of Bisi has a
vision of this,
you know, um, kind of, you know, winged
angel being. It was a flaming torch in
the original translation, but as a
saraphim
and it does violence to him, but it's
like it's that becomes part of his
conversion towards God and it ends up
sort of killing him. But
I think the sort of good bad, you know,
dichotomy is probably a earthly one that
Yeah. Well, there's there's I mean an
awful lot of anthropomorphic projection,
you know, onto these folks. Well,
because they because they're so much
like us. I mean, you know, that that's a
real challenge.
Have you ever met an alien?
No. Would you want to?
Sure.
Really?
Sure. Yeah. I'd like to sit down and and
chat with them. Yeah.
And and and actually figure out, you
know, how to kind of represent us.
Yeah.
You know, and in a full way about good
and bad stuff that we do, all of us, you
know, but try to figure out what the
criteria are for trying to establish a
relationship of trust with them and and
how we could trust them. what can they
do to kind of assuage the concerns that
people have about them in their kind of
secretive ways, you know?
Have you ever seen So, you've seen
picture of a UFO which was in the Blue
Book Files in a skiff in DC and you even
um
It wasn't a skiff though.
Oh, it wasn't a skiff. Okay.
No, it was just it was just this room
that they had downstairs in the Madison.
And you traced the uh symbols that were
along the the edge of the craft. I did
that. Um, have you ever seen anomalous
material?
No. I've seen photographs of the of this
thing that Hal had. I've seen
photographs.
What thing that Hal had?
That piece of metal that's got like 17
different layers of of different
Is that magnesium bismouth?
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah. Think I've just seen layers
thinner than a micron or whatever. Yeah,
that's right. That's the one I've seen
photographs.
What do you think of, you know, Hal
Putoff's this sort of godfather
architect of the space? He's just uh you
know seems to have his hand in
everything. Um what do you think of Hal
and his role and kind of uh I think I
think Hal is uh is more knowledgeable
uh in depth about this whole thing than
most any of the people that you would
meet
you know can and know uh you know and
that that uh
do you think he says everything he
knows? No. Oh, no. No. He doesn't even
pretend to.
Uhhuh.
No. He doesn't even pretend to say
everything he knows.
Do you think he's worked on a craft or
seen a craft?
Oh, I'm sure he has.
You're sure he has?
No, I'm I'm completely sure he has.
Really? Yeah.
Do you think he knows how they fly?
No, he has a better idea of how they fly
than most anybody. You know, there may
be some technicians that that know more
about some details. Do you think he
understands a lot about sort of um I
don't know uh the mental networks and
that sort of thing? Do you think he's
sort of clued into that?
Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh, I mean that that's
his major focus
from Stargate is is Yeah.
What's the connection between remote
viewing and you know so you had these
guys in the remote viewing program like
Stargate, you know, which formed by the
CIA and later run out of the DIA 1972.
He um you know that some of these guys
like Ingo Swan would like remote view
alien bases on the moon and things like
that.
I talked I talked to Ingo about it. Did
you?
Yeah. I spent like a whole day with Ingo
in No apartment in New York.
What did What did Ingo say about the
alien bases?
It was interesting that that that my my
access to him came through the Church of
Scientology thing. You know that that's
a big deal. Yeah. uh that Church of
Scien Hal put off at Church of
Scientology and in uh uh Tar Russell Tar
was Church of Scientology all kinds of
the guys were
to catch people up you kind of won Elron
Hubard's favor by uh you know there was
a case against them around uh you know
special exemption you know as a as a
religious organization
and uh there were you know I think they
were they were being bugged for a little
bit and they were sort of trying to bug
the federal government they were trying
to track the federal government they had
they They had the door of their
headquarters chainsawed off,
right,
by the by the IRS
and then you FBI.
You were sort of helping them out and
then you made it you were about to like
sign on formally as their counsel and
then you asked them for their
No, no, that's wouldn't be the way to
look. I was asked to be their counsel.
You were asked to be their counselor.
And I said, "Look, as a condition
preceded to even begin to talk with Ron
Hubard because he wanted to meet with me
and try to persuade me to become the
lawyer for him and his wife
specifically, not necessarily for the
church, but for him and his wife."
Uh, and that uh that the the head
guardian from the from North America
came to my office at the Jesuit
headquarters and said that uh that uh
Mr. Hubard would like to talk with you
about becoming the lawyer for him and
his wife Susan. And I said, well, I
said, look, as a condition preceded to
even being willing to meet with him, to
talk with him, I'd have to be given
permission to have access to whatever
records or information there is anywhere
in the world about the church. Uh, and I
said, that's I assume that's a total
non-starter, right?
And they give you their records.
Within a week, they came back and said,
it's a deal. What do you want to see?
And so I
So you could query anybody's e-meter
results?
Anything I could get anything I wanted.
And so uh they flew me down to uh to
Florida uh and the big blue cube they've
got down there, this big huge blue
building. Uh and uh so I go in and
there's the head of the Guardians
office, US Guardians office and the
international head of the Guardians, you
know, out of the UK. Uh and they say uh
says, "So what do you want to see?" And
I said, "Uh, well, first what I want to
see is the file you got on me."
Mhm.
Uh, in the American guy said, 'N no.
Why? No, we've got I don't know. And I
said, excuse me. I said, what do you
think? I fell off some melon wagon
somewhere. I said, you know, you're
going to have me be Elron Hubard's
attorney. You don't have any file on me
at all. And the international guy says,
go get him the file,
you know. So, they bring me the file.
I'm going through.
How deep was it? How much stuff did they
have?
Well, they had they had, you know,
pictures pictures of me. What was you
know I was at I was a Jesuit candidate.
I was at the headquarters you know they
were following me around. They showed me
in different restaurants you know and
meeting with people you know Mark Lane
and some of the other guys you know they
lane he was like uh Kennedy
assassination investig
author of that
you know so you know they had all these
kind of things and so I said okay good I
just wanted to make sure that it was
that it was accurate you know and then
so the international guy says to me he
says okay so what else do you want to
see? I said, 'I want to see the three
most sensitive files in the entire world
according to you as the head of the
guardian's office, you know. And he just
went, "Oh, fuck." He said, I said, "So,
so either you get them or not, you know,
so he gets up and is gone and rebel is
around, comes back, he ends up uh laying
one of the the files in front of me. Uh,
and I started looking at it and it was
all reports by Ingo Swan."
Ingo Swan was filing reports with the
head Guardian office in in UK about the
entire internal operations of the office
of naval intelligence uh remote viewing
program that they were doing. He was
just giving him all the information and
they
so he was a spy or something.
Yeah, he was a spy for the Church of
Scientology.
For the Church of Scientology
over and against the Office of Naval
Intelligence.
Why would he do that?
Because he was a high level clearer.
That was his loyalty group. His
fundamental loyalty. He was loyal to
them prior to
That's right. That's right. Over and
above. Over and
because I always I always thought Put
was like looking into that stuff because
he was like an NSA guy before he was
Scientology guy. So I thought put off
was just like tasked to like looking
into this you know very uh you know uh
para governmental intelligence
organization that is Scientology that's
seen as a threat and so you know put get
put off in there. No, this this was a
stuff. I mean, the the Church of
Scientology, you're not aware of it,
that their highest
principle Yeah.
in the Church of Scientology
is all to do with UFOs.
Really?
Yeah. They they believe that there is a
major confrontation going on
between the uh the humanlike people from
the Pletes
over and against the reptilians
from Zeta Reticuli. and that there's a
major confrontation going on over which
of them is going to actually assert uh
major relations with our planet.
Do you agree with that worldview?
No, I I I don't
but but but Swan was like fully in with
the Scientologist was giving them
information on the Office of Naval
Intelligence. And so you're also saying
that there's a remote viewing program
that was deeper than Stargate because
that wasn't Office of Naval
Intelligence. That was
DIA after CIA. Now this this was a
program and Pat Price I'll give you some
idea how deep this goes. Pat Price you
know that they had the file in Gow Swan
had the file that Pat Price had gotten
so good at remote viewing that they
assigned him a task of they gave him the
exact longitude and latitude down to the
minute and second location. Uh and he
was assigned [snorts] an artist so that
he didn't have to do these hen scratches
trying to show it. But he was and he was
saying you know I so what's there? So
there's this major building here.
Uhhuh.
And there's big big fence up there with
razor wire on the top of it and
everything. And his facilitator
uh was was uh uh Russell Tar.
Uhhuh.
And so Russell was saying, "Okay, now
can can you get inside the fence? Can
you see anything inside the fence?" He
goes, "Okay. Uh all right. Yeah, I can I
can see inside the fence. There's just
this no man's land there. Can you get to
the front door of this place?" And he
said, "All right." He said, "Okay." All
right, I got it. Yeah, okay. I'm in
front of the front door. He said, can
you go inside the building? He said, uh,
let me see here. Uh, okay. Yeah, yeah, I
can see I can see inside the building
here. He said, so what do you see?
There's this big long hallway. Uh,
there's some doors on both sides. And
Russell said, now go down to the third
door on the left. Uh, he said, okay. He
said, can you go into the room? Yeah, I
can go into the room. So, what do you
see? Well, there's big desk there and
chairs and stuff. There's a big file
cabinet over in the right corner over
here. Go over to the file cabinet.
So, it goes over the file cabinet.
There's a second drawer, first file.
Read it to him.
And he did.
What was it?
Well, that's not the point. The point is
that he did it
and he can do it. You know, it turns out
it's an American facility. It's a top
CIA security facility.
But that's insane then. So, so anybody
with remote viewing skills can get the
nuclear codes.
Not, not anybody, but Pat Price could
the best.
So, that's Pat Price, right?
And in the same file, it points out that
Pat Price had actually evolved to the
point where they could take a full
photograph
of a boomer class Russian submarine,
nuclear submarine, and show it to him
and say, "Where is it
right now?"
and he would give them right down to the
exact longitude and latitude down to the
minute and second of exactly where that
is. And he visualized the whole thing
and told them exactly where it was, but
there was a huge UFO
right over the top of the water where
that thing was and it was tracking it
and monitoring it. And he had it
[laughter] in the file, you know, I'm
going, "Whoa." I said, "This is uh this
is pretty pretty wild." Uh and uh then I
I said okay so uh what else have you
got? You know he says well here and he
said I said show me the show me the
second file. And he showed me the second
file and it was again from Ingo Swan. It
was a deep inside report from Ingo Swan
that they had taken Pat Price uh in the
program up to southern Canada, South
Central Canada just north of the state
of Michigan. Uh and uh he was in they
brought him to this little facility. It
was like this little domed little
building uh and it had these big huge uh
uh dishes on top, these communication
dishes on top. and they brought him in
and they sat him down uh and they put
this helmet on him uh and they had him
think uh a particular message and they
turned all the d the antenna down to the
northern peninsula of Michigan, that
little section that's in there, and had
him be telepathically projecting, you
know,
when it comes time for you to file your
your national uh your US income tax
forms next year, file them in this
little post office box down this little
town down in West Virginia
and 85% of the people did it next year.
No way.
Absolutely way.
That's insane.
It's You keep saying that.
So you're saying you're saying you're
saying Scientology had some sort of
mind mass mind control.
That wasn't the Church of Scientology.
What was it?
This was the program.
That was the program. The Office of
Naval Intelligence.
This was the program. But that's that's
like the implications of that are crazy.
Would you
No, they're profound.
Yeah.
And so then I from then Yeah.
So you met Ingo Swan.
Yeah. I didn't say no to them then, but
as soon as I saw the the file on the
fair game, I knew I wasn't going to do
it, but I had the opportunity to go see
Ingo.
So I contacted Ingo and said, you know,
I'm being asked to be the lawyer for for
uh Hubard and you know, I want to chat
with you. I went to see him at his
apartment in New York and we go all the
way upstairs up onto the roof
of his apartment that he's got there and
then I started talking to him. Uh and
and I I didn't want to freak him out
over the fact that he was clearly
violating his security clearance, you
know, by providing these reports to the
Church of Scientology. So he was using
his remote viewing from Stargate in the
reports that he was g giving to the
Church of Scientology.
Yeah. He he was filing not only about
his work but Pat Price's work, you know,
the other stuff all the things that he
was doing he was reporting to.
So he's basically like back he was a
back channel spy to the Church of
Scientology
on behalf of them visav the federal
government.
It was clearly his his his major
loyalty. Wow.
Allegiance was to them.
Did you ask him about cuz he wrote a
book called Penetration about seeing
bases, alien bases on the moon?
I hadn't seen I hadn't seen that.
You hadn't seen that? Did you Did you
get into the alien thing at all with him
or
Oh, yeah. Because because he he in one
of his reports uh had uh had uh a report
in there about uh it was it was uh uh uh
Hal put off. No, it wasn't hell. It it
was uh Tar, Russell Targ had been
facilitating a remote viewing by Pat
Price
uh when they when they stepped it up
from him being able to remote view
things in real time to be able to be
shown a photograph of a Russian Boomer
submarine
and then he could locate it. M
he could figure out exactly where it was
down to the minute and second of
longitude and latitude. I mean, which
was the big deal,
you know? I mean, that's the big deal.
Yeah.
And, uh, and, uh, and when they found
it, uh, when they found it and verified
that it was there through the remote
viewing, others to find it, there was a
UFO
hovering right over the top of where the
Russian Boomer submarine was going under
the water, and it was monitoring it. Uh,
and uh, and I when I saw it, I just
went,
"Whoa."
Did you see a photo?
No. Okay. No, they just told me about
it. It was a written report that they
that it was there and it was just my it
was following right along where the
Russian boomer submarine was going,
you know, and that was the only piece
that was in there except when I when I
started interrogating people, you know,
cuz I I wanted to get as much advantage
as I could of the opportunity that I had
here to get information. So, I got to
meet the guy who was legal counsel for
the uh church to ask him to explain to
me, you know, what the net net of all
this was. You know, what were they up to
here? And what it is is that they they
considered themselves entitled to being
considered a sovereign entity
because the Catholic Church was.
So, the Catholic Church has this kind of
status of being a sovereign entity in a
nation basically because they have
Vatican State, right? So they they
insisted that as a matter of first
amendment uh equal protection that they
were entitled to take under themselves
the same status. And so that's what
caused them to be engaged in this fair
game program. They believed that they
had a right to engage in like wet
operations,
you know, like the United States does
and Russia does and all of that and
which they asserted, you know, the
Vatican does. as they said.
Do you think do you think that the
Vatican and the specifically maybe the
Knights of Malta had anything to do with
the UFO kind of reverse engineering or
transport or
oversight? I think that an element of
the Knights of Malta have something to
do with everything.
And and why do you think that?
Because of the people that that were in
this uh this Monte Carlo group. There's
a thing called the Monte Carlo group
that is at the top top of the entire
nice of Malta structure.
Uh and uh and I discovered that there
were non-atholics in it.
Uhhuh.
Which didn't make any sense to me at all
because nights of Malta is a Catholic
men's club like thing. But there's a
there's this uh high executive council
that turned out that Henry Kissinger was
on it.
Mhm. uh and uh and uh in George Bush
Senior
was that who's Episcopal?
That's amazing.
Well, if I were but if I were to play
devil's advocate, I could have said
Council Foreign Relations, Bilderberg,
you know, like I could name five other
organizations that those two guys were a
part of.
Um any other reasons to believe they had
something to do with the UFO?
No, just No, just not specifically. What
I'm saying is that anybody who is at
that level
dealing with international things would
have to be involved in this. There's no
way that you're not going to be involved
in this
because I mean you could be involved in
all the other stuff and it wouldn't make
any difference ultimately, you know. I
mean this whole thing could to use a
phrase trump you know everything.
What is the is there kind of a mandate
or you know constitution for the Knights
of Malta? I mean the the only references
I really have are
you know Humphrey Bogart the Maltese
falcon they were supposed to be the
guardians of this Maltese falcon
and I believe they're also the heirs to
the hospital you know there was the kind
of templars back in the day
sort of you know um pre-13th century
when they were they were disbanded I
guess 14th century
um and then they were kind of the
guardians of these pilgrims that would
go to the temple mount in you know
Jerusalem and then the IC side of that
was the hospital
and so that sort of there's some lineage
between that and you know knights of
Malta
but otherwise I don't really understand
you know what they do. I know they have
sovereign status and they
[clears throat] can kind of
they do they're a military they're a
military order
uh and they're they're a sovereign
they're a sovereign military order
uh and it's it's it's very clear that
you know there guys like Reinhard Galen
was in the Knights Knights of Malta that
was a former Nazi
yeah Reinhard Galen is the guy that was
the head of the antis-siet and anti-
Eastern black intelligence for the Third
Reich
uh and also became the director of
intelligence for West Germany
at the end of World War II, you know, at
the behest of our OSS. We got him put in
there,
you know, and Shackley worked directly
with him,
you know.
Yeah. And and uh and also um Auto
Scorzani,
another former Nazi.
Yeah. Auto Scorzani, who ran the rat
line,
you know, of of smuggling them all out
of there. And they were knights of Malta
passports.
Uhhuh.
That were used.
Did you I mean, you're a Jesuit. Did you
ever use your Jesuit connections to
figure out more about the Magenta crash
which was supposedly recovered, you
know, according to David Grush?
It was recovered in Lombardi in 1933.
And uh I believe the cardinal of Milan
was also of Knight of Malta at the time.
And the UFO supposedly made itself to
the Vatican where it was held for a
while and then I think Pope Pas the 6th
maybe uh then you know transferred it
over to the US
the Pope P the 11th. Okay. Transferred
it over to the US.
Um so do you know anything about that or
No, I didn't actually. It's interesting
that
Do you believe that's a real case or
it's it's interesting. I didn't know
about it. I didn't know about it until
comparatively recently.
Okay.
Uh so that one never came across the
radar. So I I had been pretty well
locked down on
You got to hit up your Vatican contacts.
Yeah. Right. Yeah. Right. Those that are
still alive anyway, you know. I mean,
they're all dead. I couldn't believe it.
I mean, virtually everybody that was
there in the staff when I was there all
passed away. It's totally bizarre. Uh
but uh but the the bottom line is I
didn't know about that one at all
and no one has ever said anything to me
about it, you know. And when I when I
talked to Johan X, who is the head of
the Vatican archives,
you know, he's just always just smiled.
I mean, and
does he give you a smile? A smile of
quiet knowing or Yeah. No, he knows
because because I sent the letters to
them from Jesuit headquarters to ask for
access for President Carter. So he
doesn't give you a befuddled laughing
smile or something.
No, it'd be perfectly easy for him to
say, "Look, there's nothing to this.
You're crazy." Okay. You know, but no,
he knows he knows that I know.
Interesting.
That stuff is there. Interesting.
And he just isn't going to let me have
it.
So you you were the um lawyer for John
Mack. Yeah.
Who's the head of the Harvard psychiatry
department and childhood friend of Bud
Hopkins. Towards the end of his career,
he started to take very seriously these
uh uh experiencers. People would
experience abductions or alien contact
and often it would come out in hypnotic
regression or through holotropic breath
work which was one of his favorite kind
of modalities.
That was
and um you have his final manuscript.
They do. And did he writes about I heard
at the end of his life he started to get
into reptilians and was like interested
in in reptilians specifically. I don't
know. Is there anything interesting in
that final manuscript that um sort of
shows his overall worldview at the end
of this you know decade plus long
inquiry into the UFO alien question.
Yeah. He he he really views the entire
UFO ET issue
as a as a as a window opening onto the
functioning of world views,
you know, in and in and our human family
to really explain an awful I had
something to do with that cuz that's
what I was talking to him about. He and
I just before he got killed, we were
planning on trying to set up a thing
called
When you say he got killed, was that do
you think it was intentionally or
accidental? car. Yeah. Yeah. No, it was
Yeah, I was on that within hours after
it happened, you know, dug it out and
knew who the guy was. The guy still in
prison that that ran him down. He was
just drunk and uh
you know Yeah. And uh so so that the uh
that John and I were talking about the
fact that that this was a uh actually
the name of his manuscript is When
Worldviews Collide. Mhm.
And you know all the Velikovski
that you know from when Worlds Collide
stuff. So that's what he did when Worlds
collide.
Uh and
what was the Velikovski? What was the
When Worlds Collide? What was that
about?
When Worlds Collide is an old classic uh
piece that Velikovski wrote. It's the
theory that the asteroid belt
uh is a another planet that was here in
our in our solar system. uh and that it
uh collided with the moon or something.
I I just remember it and and believe
Oh, that's right. It's like the Kyber
belt or something.
The whole the whole asteroid belt is
really that planet all blown up into
into shrapol basically all through the
asteroid belt. And so Mack was saying
when worldviews collide like the kind of
western materialist reductionist
worldview and the world
animistic worldview or something one
that encapsulated life beyond humans.
If you want to shatter the western
mental structures the the western mind
so to speak which is now permeating the
whole earth in its materialist dualistic
philosophy. The way you do it is you
take something that's supposed to be in
the spirit world because even in the
west we can make allowance for the
spirit world. We can study it through
mythology, through religion, through
imagination, through poetry. But the one
unforgivable sin to the western mind is
when something that should be in the
spirit world transgresses and shows up
in the physical world. That traffic is
the cardinal sin for the western mind.
So it has great power to shatter the
belief structure of the western mind
when that occurs. And that's precisely
what's occurring in this abduction
phenomenon.
And and so he started really starting to
perceive things that because I I was of
some assistance in that because I I had
you know done the master's degree work
and then started the PhD work at Harvard
uh on that very issue. uh trying to
under trying to understand things. When
you get a really complex issue, what you
want to do is figure out what the kind
of operational pieces of it are so you
can get them spread out in front of him
just like a plane wreck. You know, you
want to kind of reassemble the pieces
that you can recover and take a look at
it. And what this does is it tends to
shake down into this octave
of human worldviews. You know that the
that only one aspect of which is their
political manifestation. you know, that
that runs from from right to left, you
know, from the authoritarian to the
reactionary to the conservative
to the moderate to the liberal to the
progressive to the utopianist, you know,
that there's there's a there are
integrated worldviews. They're
internally self-reerentially consistent,
you know, and that they're all
predicated upon the answers that you
provide to
these four pillar questions about the
origins of the universe, the kind of end
product, the teological outcome of the
universe is projected. You know, what
the analogical relationship between
consciousness and the material
manifestation uh of reality is the big
one. And the epistemological question is
you know that what means do we have at
our disposal as human beings by means of
which you can possibly answer questions
like that. Are we limited to our five
senses or do we have other faculties? Do
we have other kind of charisms that we
have access to that have been hidden or
suppressed?
You know that those are those are the
fundamental questions. Uh those are the
sort of cosmic questions. And since we
don't have the definitive answer to any
of those yet,
uh the way as long as long as you have a
internally and self-referentially
consistent answer to all four of those
questions,
you have a worldview.
It's a systematic worldview. And if you
can discern what the common principle is
that makes all of them similar to each
other, the answers are consistent with
each other. You apply that principle to
any question that you confront
uh in making your judgments. Uh and then
you have a philosophy. That's that's
what a philosophy is is a consistent
application of a single principle that
is generic to all four of these
fundamental questions. If you can do
that and that that's what a philosophy
is and then you have a sub component of
that, your political philosophy and then
you have a mode of spiritual expression.
which is generic to that. That's where
you get these major world religions that
are generic to a particular worldview,
you know. And so I would I was starting
to explain all that to him that that I
discovered, you know, when I actually
went back to talk to John RWS, who's
head of the department of philosophy at
Harvard, you know, when I was running
into these conflicts that I was having
with the different lawyers and the firms
where I was, you know, they all seem to
be functioning on some different
wavelength. So what did what did Mac
think you know when what would happen
when world views collided and when uh
he he believes that that it's absolutely
clear that there's that the initial
response that we have as human beings as
homo sapien to an encounter with an
extraterrestrial being uh is that it it
uh kind of shatters uh the the kind of
uh walls uh of the room uh the mansion
of our worldview, you know, that all of
a sudden the things are so completely
different than anything you'd ever
assume before that your world can fall
apart as it were. Uh and so people and
people have this kind of cellular
uh response when you find yourself
actually confronted with an
extraterrestrial being that your whole
cellular system reacts in a in a kind of
fightor-flight way uh that your
subconscious doesn't have any control
over. it just you just freak out, you
know, and and so but we so we started
deciding that what we wanted to do is
help train people uh that had consistent
repeated encounters, you know, because
we found that to be a fairly common
theme that if you've been abducted once,
you've been usually abducted more than
once,
right? And so that that if it's going to
happen again to try to train a person
through holotropic breathing to kind of
just calm themselves down and to get
centered to try to get mastery over that
kind of cellular response that your body
has
because all of us that are alive right
now are the end of the chain of
survivors.
I mean that's what's distinguished us,
you know, that that that our our lineage
have all survived and gotten us through
to
fascinating though. He's talking about
almost a like a manual for being
physiologically ready for contact.
That's right. Absolutely right. To try
to overcome the cellular imprint that we
have in us to react,
the allergic reaction.
Yeah.
And it is like if you're, you know, like
the threebody problem, if you're in the
dark forest and you are afraid of making
contact, it's actually adaptive to sort
of hide yourself, you would want to know
that the other side is sort of receptive
and stable and going to be okay. Yes.
Yes.
You know, when you when you uh appear.
That's right.
Cuz if you uh you know cause Oh, they
get they get in trouble. I mean, you
know, Karen, one of the they used to
throw things at them. I mean, she'd
throw lamps.
She was one of Max.
She was one of one of
That's a little crazy. Yeah.
And and she was one of the first people
who really got the the holotropic
breathing training.
So, are you going to release this book
or what what are you what are you what
are you planning on? I haven't I haven't
ever I he just gave it to me because he
was getting set to go to England to do
this lecture on Te Lawrence and wanted
me to go through it because it it covers
a lot of the encounter we had with the
the faculty committee.
Yeah.
It's kind of his his account of what
what happened.
He was such an interesting guy. Well, he
won a Pulitzer Prize for uh his book
called The Prince of Disorder, which is
about
Prince of our Disorder.
Prince of our Disorder uh by about Te
Lawrence. He was Lawrence of Arabia.
Yeah. It was a psychobiography,
right,
of of Lawrence
who I believe was he was gay and he had
been sort of sexually assaulted multiple
times and he had this sort of crazy and
then he led this uprising, you know, and
uh
fascinating character
fas fascinating character and Mac
himself was such a fascinating
character. Yeah,
I feel like his search for uh the UFO
and alien question was kind of motivated
by some autobiographical stuff with his
mother who I think did she die during
child birth or when he was very young?
No. In fact, his mother played this
really kind of major role in Okay.
because he when when he first got
dragged up or when he first started
encountering uh these highle military
officials
that were ordered to get a psychiatric
exam to try to deter them from really
pressing any further on this. That was
the first thing that would happen.
They'd be ordered to get a psychiatric
exam
because they'd seen an alien or
something.
Yeah. Because they wanted to file a
report. They wanted to file a report
about, you know, an an UFO encounter.
And they were always told that, you
know, you don't want to do this. This is
not good for your career.
Did John Mack was he kind of a breast of
any of the UFO stuff from his Navy
experience or No, it came later. Okay.
No, nothing. No, he was he was a
complete agnostic, you know, to start
with.
And then he got sent these like like uh
Arie Arnoldson who was the the uh the
actual commander of the the the Mal uh
the Montana uh base, you know, the
Minute Man
Mstrom
uh that uh that he was the actual
commander that filed the report with
Norat
about it all. Uh, and then they said,
"Are you are you trying to file a UFO
report? Is that what you're doing here?"
And he said, "Yes."
He said it was the most important moment
of his life. He just said, "Yes, I am."
He said, "I am not letting this one go."
You know, cuz they shut off all
They shut off 10
independent independently wired nukes,
Minutemen.
Yeah.
Yeah. And so he was adamant that he was
going to get that filed. And the and so
you know that he and a number of other
high ranking military people had been
sent to John Mack at Harvard as the head
of the department of clinical psychiatry
to do the psychiatric work up on these
guys. And after a half a dozen of these
folks, he started saying, "Wait a
second, this doesn't make any sense at
all." He said, you know, these are
high-ranking military people. There's
lawyers and doctors. There's all kinds
of people that are coming to report
these things. Doesn't make any sense.
And and so he started this actually kind
of like a little investigation and he
would train them to do the holotropic
breathing and get them calmed down and
centered, right? And then he was asking
them questions. Okay, now you're inside
the craft. Look around and tell me what
you're seeing. And he was getting them
to give little reports on these totally
esoteric things, you know, that nobody
would really make up, you know, and and
and then he would see if other people
saw similar stuff, you know, and he was
verifying. And so he started got to the
point where he said, "Wait a second.
There's there's something really
happening here with these people." And
so he called his mother
so she didn't die in child birth. So he
called her uh and she said, "Oh, you
ought to you ought to check with uh uh
with uh uh uh Bud H the Hopkins kid. You
know that he's into this stuff, you
know, even though he's a sculptor and
artist and all that kind of stuff, but
you know that uh our families are close
and you ought to he's knows a lot about
this." And so that's how it happened is
he ended up talking to Bud Hopkins and
Hopkins said, "Oh, look, let me show
you." you know, and he started giving
him a lot more people. And so, by by the
time he contacted me, you know, he he'd
interviewed like a hundred people.
Wow.
You know, uh, who'd had these
experiences and so that, uh, and and so
he ended up calling me and, uh, when he
got confronted by this faculty committee
and called me and asked me if I would
legally represent him. Uh and so I went
there to and confronted the the the
faculty committee, you know, and but
very fortunately went with John to meet
with Lawrence Rockefeller. And Lawrence
Rockefeller, you told us all about, you
know, his best friend seeing a UFO.
That's why he was convinced it was true.
Yeah. Lawrence Rockefeller was a patron
for a lot of early UFO research. He
funded John Mack.
He funded Steven Greer. Uh, I think
Whitley Striber has told me a story
about meeting with Lawrence Rockefeller
in Wyoming in the Tetons at his ranch or
whatever.
Why do you think Lawrence Rockefeller
was so interested in the subject? So,
you mentioned that his friend had an
experience. That's interesting. Whitley
was the prince of Likenstein.
Hans Adams,
whoever it was, that's all I
He's apparently extremely interested in
UFOs.
It was his best friend.
I think he thinks that Jesus is going to
come down on a saucer or something. It's
like some esqueological worldview.
I don't I didn't know he
and he he gathered the guy named John
Brandenberg who I interviewed said that
uh Prince Hans Adams um had uh gathered
all of the uh Roswell witnesses
I think in the 70s or something or the
80s I don't know what you know and and
uh he wanted to speak to all of them and
kind of you know understand what had
happened. Oh yeah. So he was very
interested in this
that in and Lawrence told us that you
know because he said that's why he was
so convinced that it was true that his
friend who was the prince of Likenstein
had seen one
uh and that had actually walked right up
onto one you know that was in that was
up in the mountains very similar to a to
an experience of one of the guys that I
knew you know the the son of uh uh Bill
Toddman
you know Mark Goodson and Bill Toddman
Mark Goodson and Bill Toddman were the
guys that used to produce I Love Lucy
and the $64,000 question and name that
tune. all those kind of quizzy shows
kind of things back in the 50s and made
millions, you know, and uh and uh I was
out I was out at the
we were we were uh Mason Newfeld and Bob
Ramy had contacted me, the guy that do
all the Tom Clansancy movies and they
wanted to do the Iran Contra movie
and so they they contacted me to talk
with him down in down in LA and I was
down in the office with Bob Remy the
who's the president of the Academy of
Arts and Science. He was the head of the
Oscars thing, you know, and uh so we
were talking with him and his his uh
executive his exec uh uh uh his name um
uh
I forgot his name wrong but anyway that
that he contacts me uh and and said uh
he said look there's a friend of mine
that wants to talk to you, you know,
would you he told me not to say who he
is, but would you trust me to to uh take
you there to him. So I said, "Okay,
we'll do that." So So we went out and uh
what's the guy's name? I think we go out
get into his big red Cadillac
convertible and we drive off into uh
Warner Brothers and we go over to the
Warner Brothers lot and we go in and it
turns out that it's Bill Toddman's son
of Mark Goodson and Bill Toddman. So,
here's his son who's now a a an exec in
at Warner Brothers, you know, and uh and
he wanted to tell me about an experience
that he had had and that he had uh he
was uh in college and he was on summer
break and he was in the Tetons outside a
boulder uh and he was climbing in the
Tetons and he came up into this meadow
and there was a UFO just sitting right
hovering right there in the meadow and
he walked all the way over to
and and put his hand on it, he said. And
it was like alive, he said, "This is
alive, this thing, you know, and then
the whole thing started kind of
shuddering and and raised up. So, he
backed away from it and it just went
went shot away."
And he he wouldn't he didn't dare tell
anybody cuz he thought that it would
ruin his whole reputation and stuff in
the industry. Um but uh it turns out
that he said that his father Mark
Goodson uh senior or Bill Toddman senior
uh was uh best friends with uh uh he's
this big famous uh author that writes
these romance novels anyway that uh uh
and and he wrote he wrote a book
about it
uh partly because Bill Toddman Jr. told
him that he'd had this experience. He
wrote a thing called the Doomsday. The
Doomsday uh Doomsday Plan or something.
Who's the author?
Um Sydney
Sheldon
his name was
and he wrote like 50 of these, you know,
books, you know, made millions of
dollars. He too wouldn't dare ever be
public about it. So he wrote this book
called The Doomsday Project, you know, a
hypothetical
Mhm.
of a of a a a saucer that had crashed uh
in a tour bus over in Italy or somewhere
happened to be driving by when they were
doing a recovery of it. And so this
young lieutenant colonel uh in the naval
intelligence was assigned to find out
where all the people were that were on
the bus that saw this because they uh
just wanted to explain to them that this
was just an experimental uh thing, you
know, so that they wouldn't be
distressed. Well, it turns out they all
started getting killed, all these
witnesses and uh and and so Cydney
Sheldon wrote this book.
It's complete fiction about it. And
that's the only time he ever said
anything about it
and then went right back to his normal
life. Wow.
And so uh so Bill Toddman Jr. wanted me
to know about this just to tell me. And
so I've been constantly trying to get
him over the years. Said why don't you
got more money than the pope you know
now from your inheritance. Why don't you
he still hasn't agreed to do anything.
Well, you've done it for him now.
Yeah.
But
yeah, Bill because he was perfectly
honest about it. I didn't have any doubt
that it was true.
Sure. Yeah.
Well,
he's a real nice guy.
Yeah.
But it's hasn't done anything.
Danny, it's exciting times right now. Do
you have a prediction for the next uh 3
months of disclosure and the UFO truth?
Some of it's easy. So, you know, that
the the the Senate bill is going to get
repassed. You know, all 64 pages exactly
the same.
Senator Rounds,
it's Rounds is going to
Yeah. from South Dakota. He's going to
sponsor it. Uh, and I'm and I'm I'm sure
that uh that uh that uh uh the that uh
Schumer will co-sponsor it. Uh we don't
we don't we don't have uh uh Marco
around anymore.
Rubio Rubio to sponsor, but but you
know, we're hoping to try to get State
Department in on this. Okay.
Because there's this whole State
Department dimension that is totally
inappropriate for the State Department
not to have been brought in on this. I
mean, you're dealing with an entire
foreign power here and they're being xed
out. So, I mean, now that Rubio's over
there, you know, he ought to
Yeah, he's very interested and on record
on, you know, this whole topic and
sure he is.
Um, yeah, one of his aids was probably
as deep as it gets on the topic as well
and was sort of, you know, I think
encountered a bunch of obstacles as a
result of his involvement.
Yeah. Yeah. So, so the bottom line is
they're going to they're going to the
Senate is going to pass the the 64page
bill again, probably around the middle
of July between July 15th, 20th or so
that they'll they'll pass it and they'll
send it on over to the House. You know,
we're we're focusing on Crenshaw.
Crenshaw, you know, Dan Krenshaw is now
the new head of the intelligence
committee in the House, and that's where
we ran into trouble. before it was
primarily Mike Turner who was the the uh
congressman from Ohio right part Wright
Patterson uh district you know was was
stopping the the full bill from being
pass is Cshaw pro- UFO
we don't know yet we're we're trying to
get but he's he's uh he's certainly not
uh anywhere near as bad as Turner was
you know Turner had his own personal
agenda because of his constituency there
you know with with the base.
Mhm.
But but Krenshaw's a guy that's, you
know, been critical of things he doesn't
agree with. He's he's kind of a bit of a
maverick. Uh and he's got a lot of
integrity, you know, tough guy, you
know, it's a is a SEAL team dude, you
know, but uh but
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But but he's not he's
not just kind of a knee-jerk
reactionary. Yeah. You know, so he's
there's real promise there. And so we're
going to be meeting with him and his
staff to try to get him to see if he can
give a a leadership in the intelligence
committee to greenlight the the full
bill, you know, or at least a lot more
of it. We've gotten 23 pages
of the 64 passed with unfortunate some
amendments even of that part. Y
but but the bottom line what we're after
is the appointment of the board
that we we want to get that portion of
the 64page bill done at least this time
around is to get the get the the the
panel uh appointed you know now one of
the challenges is that well our new
paradigm institute is one of the groups
that's authorized to to make
recommendations
uh under the statute uh but the
president is the one ultimately deciding
is who's going to who he's going to
appoint. The Congress can mandate that
he do it.
They can pass the statute and say the
president is to appoint this board, you
know, uh but then he could, you know, he
could appoint his daughter,
you know, to be on it or whatever he
wants to do. And so we're we're going to
try to appoint we're trying to recommend
a group that is that is sort of almost
beyond
uh beyond criticism. you know, the kind
of pe the kind of people you'd really
want to have there. Uh, and then hope
that will cause Trump to say, "Okay,
good. That's a good group. Let's have
them do it." Uh, so we're hoping this
year or at least this side of the next
election, this side of the election in
to get uh an additional chunk of the
64page bill passed, specifically the
part having to do with the with the
board. Okay. And uh we're going to have,
you know, it's going to be a dynamic
going on with this board. There going to
be a lot of people inside the national
security infrastructure that are going
to want to have people in there that are
going to continue to keep it as
sphinctered as possible. Uh you know, uh
and then there's going to be lots of
people putting pressure on us to try to
have it be, you know, here, let's have
it all, you know, like like uh Bett, you
know, let's just order the president to
reveal everything right now. just dump
it on everybody, you know, that's so
there there they're there extremes all
around us here, but what we're trying to
do is kind of navigate our way through
to to really the the dynamic that's
going to take place hopefully uh between
now and November of 2026, you know, uh
now we've got the we've got the uh end
of September coming here in 2025 when
that's the extension that the the uh
National Archives has given
to the military services and the
intelligence community to to gather
together all the information they've
got. Okay. And that that that's in
that's a standing order that they've
got. You know, it still got that wiggle
language in there saying and they're to
turn it over to the National Archives as
soon as possible. You know, the the
Senate bill said immediately
and they gave them the drop dead date of
October 20th. You know, and now they've
managed to get the House to water it
down. to say as soon as possible. So my
sense is their lawyers are going to push
back against us. But uh so I'm not I'm
not I I don't give it more than a 51%
chance, you know, that we're going to
get any kind of meaningful release of
that information.
Yeah. At the end of September here.
Well, Danny, you're doing the Lord's
work and uh Godspeed. I'm excited to see
what what happens uh in the next few
months and years and uh you're you're
you're a really important champion for
this whole topic and I hope that uh you
know as as much as I love you know my
own podcast I hope that you go on like
Tucker Carlson or Joe Rogan or something
and the JF the JFK thing is so important
and I know both are so interested in it
and I I you know I I dabble and like I
you know I've I've learned you know from
Oliver Stone and you know read uh you
know Mark Lane and and Jim Mars and all
these guys and like I think you're the
best living um reteller of the entire
story in a way that is a coherent
narrative with all the players but you
also talk about motives and
so I think uh it would be great if you
um if that was amplified as much as
possible.
No, I I'd be happy to do it. You know
that you know no interview is any better
than the interviewer.
Uhhuh. Uh-huh. That's true. That's true.
Well, I think they're both great, but I
mean they more importantly than that,
they have much bigger platforms than me.
I mean, I I have big platform, but
there's they're next level, so biggest
in the world.
Yeah. They both seem to be sincerely
interested, you know, and so that's the
key, you know, and they're they're not
particularly biased or prejudiced in any
way about it. No. and and and be and
because they they straddle different
kind of worldviews, you know, and reach
out to people that are adherence to
different worldviews, it's a valuable
forum.
Yeah.
Those both of those guys.
Yeah. Well, Danny, it's an honor, man.
Appreciate you taking the time. This is
always awesome.
Yeah.
Always learn so much.